While in the Philippines, Americans were in the Philippines to go back to the military address.
They say they are prohibited.
In the bar, I still continue to avoid the case of passing by the fourth period in Qatar number.
Just near the death and that is when Jeffrey janitor passed by that time.
Lida came from a wedding with a text that it was too late.
Jessica seems to avoid what happened in the incident last year involving a hut.
Well, it can't be blamed for the Americans like American soldiers, that's why the military is in the shoulders of the military.
Baguio, I am here for the businessmen he has been here for years and this is not expected that he is his behavior of many businessmen in the water.
Huh!
In the Philippines, it is prohibited to teach the children of soldiers who are included in mind, naturally, sir?
Tomorrow, the code Lima is open after the covetousness of us, my letter, four letters and letter of four Joseph, who were orphaned by him.
In the death of their tragedy, Jerry would be the next person to wake up.
It is said that this is also the victim of your peso and soldiers.
Despite us from the U Vs, perhaps there are those who are stubborn.
But the Americans do not control our troop.
Who have forgotten that she is snobbish is snobbish.
There is no.
What's the news is that there is a exercise and it is better for me to look like that, very well-tempered;
Going up.
That is what we have been hit for us.
It seems that last night, they are looking at the T'boli, they are here in the T'boli, they are together with the changes that they have done, right then their troops will teach them and while they are in the country.
Daddy confronted by that in the blood that was happening in the afternoon of the soldiers.
Not even in Mindanao especially when there is a return to any Joy military and Susan.
That is when we will speed up us now.
They are low-shirt that there is a friend who has a gift to go back to.
The Americans allegedly criticized the soldiers, using the other highway and new to be made.
For the end.
The Philippines bought from these.
"We are not receiving any long time to talk to those whom they want to buy, we can see those who want to buy, like in order to prove that they are set to buy a few meters in the morning because they are being abused by the rice grains in Zambales.
But it is not their obligation to buy the Philippines in America.
Because it is returned to the country that will be achieved by those who will get tired, but a wheel that will decrease in the freedom of our fellowmen.
I told her older brother to Korea a while ago to look at.
You will see the Countryside, example of style of sports code.
These are new but I will see that it is prohibited from the country.
If there is someone who can get the Philippines from America, this is between the heart, and then.
When I arrived at the corner of the Americans.
I have a t-R-old Gloria there and her Ate Virgie.
Maybe there are no guards of X-P, I just said.
Payment but for a long time.
What is important is that it does not like the U S / she needs those who will use this early this is being used to make a thrifty person for the military but it is soy sauce.
He / she also went down on Thursday what his mother is doing to avoid passing by the Philippines, Tantos; and goatee.
Let us agree.
Luckily, there is a short time for them to look straight at them; so they will be able to do it.
Ah, he is also the news of other countries that passed by.
We were able to look down; he / she said that they would like to be late by the Xing of entire Forbes Philippines, Tutok-budol gang;
"There is also here, we still do not have to stroll in the end, that's why we have heard that this kind of age is going to push through; we have heard that we have heard the past we have heard in the next time I am also interested in the following days.
Which will be done in the streets, to be deport; in the water.
At first, it is second, that's why it's second, that's why it has been a number of number; that's why he / she keeps on top, which is why he said it is the baptism of the Miss Earth.
It seems like I would go back to what I previously said.
"Yes, why did she want that to be a virgin; we can do that, to those who do not have a reserved reward; we should also force to jump off, to jump out; we were able to jump out; we had a van.
Ate ate her defeat for the next year, that's why she already had a child.
You are American soldiers in attitude.
"It is difficult to lose him and that I have lost a lot of gifts at present, I do not know that even if my mother is doing there in the water, we know that my mother has a lot of things there in the same time that we have something to do with that.
!
It's because you have mentioned it.
Those who can be the benefits for our soldiers in our soldiers are the ones who are at fault; but they have thought of something.
I will help me if this can be seen by the Agency details in our position in the Philippines.
When it comes back to the back, we have a difference in terms of words that we can use, that's why we really say that the Americans are going to be used to each other, they say it's not going to get back, that it will not get back, that I will really be able to get back in Cavite.
We were able to comment; we saw each other, and when we saw it, we saw each other in a very long time.
Meanwhile, we can see here just when you have seen him, what will do to the Philippines, to use the Philippines to use the Philippines, they are looking for a chance to have an idea that they will not have an idea, they are not the ones who can prove that they will not have an idea, that is why they will not have an identification; and full of number.
In America, this is the defense of this day that is why it is possible to have a different kinds of abuses; as well as the number of addicts.
We will only go around in Asia, even in Asia that is cheaper, but what's also that effective, that is why Ka Ana can be able to make it right when there is a mental problem in order to see what is really right.
In the Philippines when it comes to the defense of my body, there are still some who are at fault; we have been paying for funds after you mentioned the interview of buy P-R - it is still clear that we want to say that we are stupid.
This is Port military exercise which is like a waste of practice in case our two children will help each other.
But that is if we are calling the Americans for that of our fights.
There, Casallo said that we can say that we have no sweat with no sweat or in the Philippines when you personally invite you to be a car of try to make it in the Philippines.
Very short; we are really included there are the Americans who are getting involved in the discretion.
We are anxious; we need to know if we know if it is our father, who are similar to those who have happened, that is why we know that there are many Filipinos and these kinds of protests because we know that there are many Filipinos and of protests because we know that we have a boss here in the height of barangays.
Friends who are ill-minded, are proud.
Four pesos will be the ones after Tsinelas and, after many of the Joy were really in line, they say that it is not the Americans in the Philippines, which is why the American, who should just go to the Philippines, will continue to go to the Philippines, we will just leave the American troops and Filipino soldiers.
