Successful in 49th IB, who is conducting Oplan Tokhang.

NPA Camarines Norte (RCMP).

April 29, 2012.
It was a temporary report by Armando Catapia Command (BHB) Camarines Norte).
It was 12: 00 in the afternoon earlier (April 29), it was successful that it was implemented by the Botchok (49th IB, which was held at the Oplan Galugad-Peace Agreement (PDU).
In Brgy.
The red pickpocket was formed in Barangay Hall, when the red pickpocket was attacked.
Noon.

Six-M-M-M-shirt were seized from it.
A K3, a caliber 45 and a laptop was hit.
A started report, three were killed in the actual fight and there.
Injured on the side of the military is injured in the side of the military.
He was identified as 2Lt Eric, avidez.

This group of 49th IB has done the heinous crime.
A massacre to the Mancera last February 25 in Purok 6, Barangay.
Labo is where the two children died together with their father.
Benjamin Mancera should be responsible for the armed forces to pay.
49th IB, the killing of two children, Michael (10.
Year-old and Richard (7 years old).

There is a fierce devastation in the life and livelihood of the farmers.
Town of Labo is the national troops of 49th Infantry Battalion who are conducting an operation.
Operations in Oplan Tokhang in the name of "peace"
"Progress."

The PDU is the former called SOt.
The change of name is attempted by the President-Aquino.
To erase the bloody record for violation of human rights.
The former SONAs of the military.

Since January, they were able to stop the operation of Oplan Tokhang.
49th Infantry Battalion is 14 continents in the town of Labo is taking advantage of the PDU Vs.
For those who are behind bars, a violation of laws of Filipino workers is a violation to the laws of Filipino people.
Use public facilities and crowded places in reconciling.
The military has not been held in danger for the safety of the citizens.
According to the PDT in barangay hall, it is said to take care center and at the very center of Bangar, the military used as human beings as well.

The realization of this is the response of the Botchok.
The citizens wish to give justice to the cruel massacre.
Mancera, February 25, has been calling for a long time.
The citizens here to evict 49th IB, in the barangays of Labo.
Full of Oplan LS is because of his cruel record.
To violation to human rights.
