Fight the zika virus, it is important to protect yourself, according to the DOH.

10, 2016.

Calapan, Oriental Mindoro, December 10 (Pia) - it is a good care for each one to protect each other because it is a proper way to fight any illness that might happen to him.

That is why the Department of Health (DOH) is strictly reminding, especially on the spreading disease brought by a mosquito, the zika virus infection.

According to City Health, those who are going to be the ones who are being used by Dequia of Doctor Teresita N. Dolor, the zika virus infection is a type of infection, which is a type of infection.

This is some of the symptoms of the person with weakness, having a fever, stomach pain, swelling of eyes and boastfulness of the skin, one of the five people are having symptoms that will last for two to seven days.

Its complications are like microcephaly, a condition where a measurement of head is smaller than the normal measurement of head of one who survived.

Guimutra admitted that it is rare but a serious condition which is being attacked by the immune system of healthy breasts which becomes the cause of weakening and insensitive of body.

According to Bolo, the disease is getting worse when a person has a sound of it through a mosquito's bite, which is mixed with zika virus, this is what they are calling on or on the day.

Also, through having sex with people with zika virus, the said disease can be received, Bolalin added.

According to a few research, the zika virus can be seen in kinds of chemical when it is such as blood, saliva, pee, which is proven to be a fluent in the house of the child during the time of the sake of the people, coercion in the brain and spinal cord.

The official also said that it is possible to avoid it through using the use of which to be exported, wearing a mosquito nets, use a mosquito nets, use garbage, tire of vehicles and side of the house because this is where mosquitoes hatch their eggs.

There is still no vaccine against zika virus, the only way to fight this is to drink a lot of water and rest if there are a fever that might be brought to the nearest hospital for a thorough investigation by the doctor (CIs / LTO) to be brought to the nearest hospital for a thorough investigation by the doctor.
