It disappeared.
Voted in.
Yes, me, buddy, or whatever happened in our game, it is a little bit more what happened in our game, "in our game," in a day, we have no idea, that's why we have no choice.
I am full-tempered; I thought that I am very small; he / she was distressed.
It is summer that you don't want to end up when there is an umbrella; we are cut off; it seems that the next game will be cut off.
We are very pitiful; we will go to the next time I will go there for the next time so that we can fix us again.
Alright, what isn't it, that it's just the sun when when you go to the Ro-nosed; we are going to be able to go against each other so that we are going to be able to go against each other so that we are going to be able to go against each other; he / she'll be able to go against each other; he / she'll be able to go against each other.
He / she grew up; he / she wasn't able to speak; I could not be able to talk about.
Ah, it's just that those who have given how to be frugal and fur; what if you just want the two of you to be together with your co-mates; he / she'll be the next to be my co-mates;
He / she was shocked; he / she did not lose the two; if the two were not able to enter, I hope that I could have entered outside because I was already able to go outside.
"When will it be that if I am not in front of me; I am not in the cage of a fight, so I am still busy with me, I am still busy with me, I am going to go with me, I am going to go to a week that is why I am going to live in there for a week.
Yes, you hear.
We need to reach each other; he / she needs to reach.
Just go with it so that in case I have companions at the Grand, ah, we are not beautiful to see each other; we can see that we are going to go to school; we can see that we are going to go to school; so as long as I have a job, I can still have a job.
Okay.
It is just a week for you to wait, I have to say it, perhaps.
"You'll find out what you have heard from the end of Luneta, Luneta, at the Luneta Park.
So hurry up.
Or just leave, Felipe, on the end of Saturday.
Now, it is said that this is where we can look at each other; he / she can go to school; he / she can look down; he / she grew up; very low; so many are eating at a little bit.
.
"We are anxious; we should not force to turn our backs to each other; I will just repeat that I am not able to play with each other so that I have lost my own children, which is why I lose each other, which is why I lose each other, that is why I feel that I am very beautiful; we might be poor; we might be poor.
I might suffer.
"In fact, you can handle the win of school that we can enter, and no matter how much we lose; we lose the two.
I am confused.
Yes, i'll take care; he / she lost two; and I lost, that he / she lost his / her sister-in-law, whose legs are cut off.
