
The armed groups in Sulu: Enemies or allies? (Leadversary, Exercion.

If you do not study the true history of Sulu, you need to live here to know the things that are not written in books.

Sometimes the fight here is complicated, if you are new, you will surely be confused, especially if you are not given enough knowledge about the elements who should be content of the First Republic Act (military plan), Sitti.

What about this?

It is not easy to blame but the information that we get about this is not equal and not equal to the problem, if you are lacking in initiative or any wrong person you can come to you.

The truth is, like different places in the Muslim Mindanao, the armed groups are usually seen.

For the meantime, it is only natural that christians who have grown up with the indigenous Muslims in Basilan, Zamboanga, Sultan Kudarat and North Cotabato are only natural.

Why is that so that the situation is that, I invited you to read the history, where their rift supposedly started, as according to the muslims who were brought to Mindanao when they were brought to the muslims there?

Armed groups.

It is not unknown to my knowledge that there are so many armed groups in the province of Sulu, this is just the same situation in my first field which will be held in Sirawal in 1995, Central Mindanao last 1997 and in Basilan last 1998.

The difference in Sulu, most of the armed are the native Taipingqiao, Acres, they are some of those who have a fight in land, with their disagreements in the family and especially in the field of politics.

The first things that were armed in Sulu were the ranks of MNLF in Talipao, which had been part of what happened to us when we entered Brgy. Milan at Barangay Holy 16, 2000.

For sure, the number of those who have been identified will increase and can be seen by the Light Rail Transit in Eastern Sulu.

Because after the members of the Jesus miracle Globe ade in Talipao, we were brought to the town of Number five Estino to conduct military operations.

Because of Labo, Labo is still with us who is an ally and who is an enemy of armed men in our community which we have seen in the community we are going through, which we are always armored vehicles like the church of Light Rail Transit.

For me, I am not confident that there are armed when they wear the uniform of the uniform, wear slippers and wear slippers that can be passed by.

Even if the wave and floors are piled up, we do not have any kind of confidence over them because they can avoid the rightfulness of the Holyfield and guns going through.

Because of this, I made an SOP that the troops were standing and facing the side of the truck so they are ready to catch up and shoot-out, according to our training in the counter-governmental organization.

"I admire the map where there is a presence of the armed group such as Kabaragad, Reden Brondia, Kabanjoe) and the Philippine National Forces' (equivalent to military), and it is very difficult to know who are the Red Forces' (equivalent to military), and then you will know that it is an enemy of the time when it's time to fire them.

When we arrived in our exclusive area at the Crossing Bgy. Tabag, I talked to the people from the armed groups that we could pass by, and on the or arse of Bagong ao (Area of Operations).

I was able to put it on the map and I put some newspapers end.

1 Ballesteros is a certain Danro's Office (WBC) military).

2 - the President Councilor Pinggoy Lagumbay called the friendly but of Tristan (WBC).

3 - Trece Martirez, Kabanjoe) including the Civilian Volunteers Organization, friendly.

4 - Anti-Kidnapping Group (CVO CDO should be exiled by Barangay Captain Patintero (WBC) to resign.

5-3) first (P4 Estino is proper for the Armed Forces of Mayor 'Maestrado and a group of MNLF who led the cousin of the MNLF who led to an Estino.

In those times, those who have known or known as Abu Sayyaf like Robot, 39, Dr Abu, Patta, Nadayag of Radullan Sahiron and Radullan Sahiron and Radullan Sahiron.

I do not know why the culture of violence there is very popular there, if you analyze it to history, you have learned to be more aggressive with the relatives of Sulu Sultan Kudarat, that is why they gave Sabah to Sultan Kudarat, right?

During the time of Marcos, the conquer was made by the government here, which was made by the government to fight the "Magic 8 '(MNLF Commanders), one of the original owner of the Special Action Force (last 1970s.

Because of what happened to that moment, it was also found out that almost all of the houses have tons of guns, as long as the AFP, who had a gunshot wound, now that the AFP will no longer take advantage of all the irregularities that have been given to the supreme court last 1970s.

So, these people who before are in the ranks of Civil Defense, led to their children, they do not have a commitment to the Army and they are still confident that they are still not the Abu Sayyaf.

"Sel, we are on your side, Ramos's asset, and he was assigned in Sulu."

On the other hand, the same with Gb-Andang) Commander Robot, and Commander Robot, was the MNLF who was attacked by the group of Civil Defense.

By on the way, you know, they desire a caliber. 556umbler, and there is a medical contribution to my head and the urge to have a direct effect on my head.

So, you saw that the fight in Sulu is not easy to fight for Sulu, you cannot fight everything because you do not want to add enemies.

If you are Commander, make a strategy on how to end the armed group because you will not simply change that situation.

Maybe, if you can find a way on how to catch the armed groups to hug the peaceful road, right?
