Peace.

It is such a waste that the New People's Army's call will not be solved immediately by the New People's Army as the call of President Rodrigo "Duterte for the war in the war.
It can be recalled that Pres. Digong first declared a ceasefire against the NPA on the day of his State of the Nation Address but it was taken back because of a speeding bus that the rebels did to a group of armed forces of the government in Davao del Norte.
The President gave a extension for the explanation of the rebels from the incident until 5: 00 in the afternoon two days ago, but the NPA failed to respond.
On the other hand, the NPA said that the forces of the government conducted an operation despite the command of the President in the Senate and allegedly defended themselves.
In the end, Joma Sison said that he was only killed by President Rodrigo "Digong" Duterte because it was only around 8: 00 in the evening two nights ago when Pres. Digong declared the unilateral ceasefire.
There is no.
In the middle of this incident, it seems that the intention and steps towards the peace talks will not end up to nothing but only on the content of it.
Pres. Rodrigo Duterte has not yet taken back his steps in his desire to end the Filipino people who killed $30,000 people since March 29, 1969 until the NPA is trying to be strong.
Those who were taken back in the said area are the policies of how the said area will be implemented and it is normal to implement the battle of the forces of the NPA rebels.
Included in the hope that the President will not take back, while we will pass through it is the scheduled conversation between the rebels and the government in OPLAN or, Norway for the peace talks.
The President also did not take back the sentiments of the leftist groups in some of the high positions of the government.
That is why, there is hope that the search of the road towards peace and unity of both sides will still push through.
There are really some who cannot avoid events or mistakes that are also normal in any kind of things like this issue.
Remained silent.
One of the things we are looking at is that there is a big possibility that there is a big possibility that there will be a disagreement between the leaders of communist Party of the Philippines, National Democratic Front and NPA for this.
They release the difference between the President to other past administrations that are really different from the interest of the masses and the country.
The President now, in their opinion, can accommodate it even in the started steps towards change in society that they want to happen.
"That's as if the current president's movement is big with the millions of poor people that they are fighting for.
Together with the movement of movement from millions of poor are destroying the policies of contract that are being implemented by greedy and opportunist wardens against workers and the big cause of their suffering.
There is also there right to correct the derogatory and illegal mining that have a twin who will be given protection to the miners instead of protection from the citizens and nature.
The President also shows a strong resolve against the meddling of the foreigners in the country's management.
So in our belief, the other group is still in a part of the belief that there is no reason for them to push through and achieve permanent peace for the whole country.
Match with gasoline and gasoline.
It is really in these times, it seems that the matches and gasoline are next to each other, the revolution or war is like gasoline that got caught on fire.
Now he is resting in the revolution or war in spite of the problems in the said area.
Hopefully, everyone does not hold the matches and it is more not to make the fire flow and throw gasoline to the fire.
Digong himself said, while both sides of the dead are in a good relationship, one thing, he sees the pitiful condition of those who are widowed and orphaned by the country who has been suffering for a long time because of the war.
He added that if both sides will not be able to do it now, the anger for each other would not be prevailed.
Peace!
What we only mean is the call to us that we will not be a hindrance to unity, peace and widespread change.
Let us also avoid doing the matches and remove it from gasoline for a revolution so that a fire caught on fire in each other.
It is enough for 30,000 pesos killed in the war and the more people who are suffering and losing the future because of the revolution.
