
Her's Family, with making ham, Rementice, the PMA.

One of the annual activities mixed by the members of the Philippine Military Academy (the Association of Philippine Military Academy (PCCO) is the bark's Family.

Full of fun games are experienced in this area but all of the dees are known to be with and join in here because of this, a fun goal is to win!

When he was held on with making an encounter yesterday (January 8, 2013), I had a chance to join because my adamiable is in Camp Aguinaldo.

Many are going to come true, why are we watching here and together with the usual experience that we passed by when we got out of the PMA due to different sectors of society, especially in different sectors of society, especially those with active service.

Know.

Cadet Corps or Armed Forces of the Philippines is composed of eight companies that are called by an eight company, who is called to be given to him: Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta, Echo, Fullido, Echo, Fullido.

There were also her nickname for Corps or 2,370, Braving Bulls and Bulls and Bulls, Echo Family, Echo Family, Echo Eid, Echo Eid, Echo Family, Euphrasia Echo.

One of the things that is being pointed at us is the form of loyalty and harassment done by a simple fight for our company, as long as the most beloved companies, of course, and if we are from the country, should be asked.

When we were still down, there are a regular contests (Best Actor) that the companies are really fighting for, which is called Superintendent's Cup which is called by Senior Superintendent's Cup, Genu's Cup, Jurado), and even the Closeup forever Order Hill support.

Who will get the award at the meantime, of course, they are the ones who are human rights and will provide for justice for the opposition leader.

Also because of this, the number of those who are going to cross the acons of academic, the performance of the discipline (conduct), in raising to the field of sports and even in order to park.

Fun!

Because of fun games, there are many elements of tradition and training that we pass through the PMA.

The deport of the Company said that where they are graduating, as a member of the Social Security System in the four years, I was studying in the PMA, of course, that's why I am part of the so-called global warming.

The PMA pressuring the PMA) there and the most senior citizen, Brigadier General Rolando Jihadist, who were appointed as Team Captain or Commander Commander.

Just like the game, we should also be required to have a Muse because he is included in a contest where the good son of General JSF should not allow the good son of General Jihadist, perhaps we will be a man to be a man.

Each has a lot of fun games which reached up to seven Events Place in front of the 'task.

Sometimes, the Rules, but they are using all, how can you make a grudge about it because everything will be after all the enjoyment they will be with in the game.

It's simple but we have a lot of sleep games but we did not set up the preparation in our self through the right amount of income.

We are estimating your opponent Commisies and only those who have a lot of members, especially if Sir, will be in exercise, also in exercise.

I was forced to fight back to the escape and to exercise which is part of the Army calderogatory so I remember those who are making lies in the PMA) and I remember that the delegates of the PMA) will be punished so that the Coast Guard who could not hesitate.

Here is what is turned to the said call using the sound of an animal or a bird, of course, we are laughing.

For the game, Failbo "said that in front of the bed from the PMA, the cadets of the PMA) and included there was no trouble, there is a 45 kilometers east of Tupi, which is why there is a 45 kilometers east which was passed by the PMA), that is why there is a huge amount that was passed by the PMA).

Let us review the way how to fix the bunk in the fastest time of using it.

Because we were included in the Top Rank Promotions to fix the bunk, we are proud that we build a picture on our hole.

This is the call for the faster please to catch the short time that they have given, this is part of the training of the New York, where you can change clothes inside a minute, and if you change his uniform, you need to get dressed in a few minutes?

Now, do not be wondering why the soldiers quickly eat and quickly get dressed!

According to him, it is said to be a nuisance who will wear and take a disturbance on the comfort room, Moalibis, "when they catch up to the death penalty of Weardrum," if it is being caught by thick, which can be given to the toilet.

This is a strange thing that I joined because there is a selfie-allergenic, of Sundiets before running and hang out of their smartphones. Well, along with the time of their smartphones.

This is when we are brave to hang out of the Batasang Pambansa, like you are trying to catch up with the 'Attaché and call for a lifetime.

As they say, "We DID Our Stars," good luck, "when we peeked at the official ng mga Bayani, we defeated Bull Darius s by 27,000) to save the crown as winning in the ader's Day!

We are still celebrated because we were able to show that we are still fierce and are always ready to show that they will be held in fun games or in our service to the Armed Forces of the Philippines.

You are Delta Bull Dyogiddy, wait for us to watch out in 2014!
