
Calamity and fear in Bagocboc.

Macky Macasaverted!
April 30, 2013.

It is hard to go to Bagocboc, Davao Oriental because the trip to Davao City is not only because this is the center of calamity, due to the devastation of typhoon Pablo, on December 2012, and this has not recovered until now.
Though it is natural that a calamity hit the area, it has been a long time for a calamity that people have the action and negligence of the government, the lack of society, the extreme presence of the military.
After being visited by typhoon Pablo, the calamities became worse, there are people who were made up: With the allegations that are being made up by the victims, it was said that the local government was made to work, it was said that the local government is not working, it is said that the military has not been working.
This is what is wanted by a fact that it depends on the humanitarian mission going to the place recently.
Riding the three buses from Davao City, the laughters made up to 76 people including the nuns, doctor, a nurse, a nurse, a nurse, a nurse, a nurse, a peaceful trip to Bagocboc, including the Filipino seafarers were included.

Going to Bagley.
At first, it is fine but the bus's flow is fast and it is still asphalted and it is still limited to have a good perspective.
But while they are getting closer to Davao City and approaching the places destructed by the typhoon, although the road has already changed, although the road is already clean, there is still a risk in both sides of the storm.
The sparkle returned to the roof of the houses that was taken by the strong wind in the height of the storm which was started with a few adjacent homes in the height of the typhoon, which was started to increase in boiling water, some of them were filled with pride and green-colored green.
The victims who had been paying for help in asking for help but eventually found out that they were still there, they were still there, in their respective community, in poverty.
Far away, the glitter of the galvanized iron sheet was gradually cut off, it was replaced by the color-white uniform, it was replaced by an old tarpaulins in the roof of the residents.
As well, there are still a lot of trees that fell down, especially the coconut tree, especially the coconut tree, they were still sprawled on the side of the wake in the mountains because the road was slow down and around two buses.
This is where the group first passed by the military and was not stopped by the group, it seems that the soldiers were surprised at the time of three buses and others were surprised when they were sitting and standing in the right side.
"This is here," the house that was burned down, "said one candidate who is a member of the group of Iglesia, asked others:" Will we stop? "
"It was not that, when we were just caught by the picture of the house which was burned, the bus was shot by those inside the bus their camera, and a Grab Bike.
"
The three buses continue to conduct the cost of the roads to ensure that the roads have not been apart from the road, but it's almost just two hours passed, but the group of buses have changed and the group suddenly stopped in the town of Cateel, in town of Cateel.
"The men went down," the military ordered that the man was able to step down on the shoulder, with the nuns and the leaders of the bus, they did not know if he was looking for a soldier inside the bus that was why they were wearing a private uniform, but there was no plate number.
The nuns and the negotiators had said that the motive of the group is going to Bagram Airfield and giving relief goods and medical services, as well as the group of the group about the condition of the victims of the storm.
The negotiation lasted until the leader of the soldier said, "no job," he added, the group should wait for the group to pass through, but before this, a motorcycle riding a motorcycle quickly escapes.
And almost 25 meters from the crash site, the truck driver, who was riding a motorcycle, was blocked by a soldier who was riding a truck which caused the truck to take off the truck, and on the small place between the truck and on the small place between the truck and the fire that fell.
The contestants were forced to take the mission to carry timber and remove the stack of timber so that the bus were able to pass through; the nuns were able to pass through; they were able to help each other.
A boy is submerged again, but not yet on the trip, a piece of stones thrown at the road was reversed and it is impossible that the mountain fell from the mountain and was obvious that there was someone who put in the road.
It is not far from the suspect that it was placed inside a motorcycle with a motorcycle, who was initially caught by the military, there were still several times that the machine was cut off in the middle of the road, and the machine was strong in a backhoe of a backhoe of a backhoe of a backhoe of piled up.
Using the hands, feet and gadgets, the abomination are trying to remove the piled up and be given space even just a small way.
