Paris attack for the Philippines.

The government and the people should not just relax just about the threat of terrorism in any part of the Philippines.
It is possible that for example, for example, the forehead is the same bombing in buses and different parts of Metro Manila and also bombing at the Light Rail Transit Transit in Blumentritt, Manila.
As well, the bombing in a ship of Super Ferry 14, who died of the 120 people, including many students and teachers, outside Manila Bay while traveling to the ship from Manila going to the Visayas and Mindanao.
The release of the said ship is the worst action of the terrorists in all countries in South East Asia, especially in the ocean.
400 meters.
In the record from the year 2000, up to 2007, more than 400 people died.
Maybe there is a double number of people getting killed if the victims of terrorism will be included in the year 2008 until now.
Included in the victims are the orders of kidnapping for ransom, those who are beheaded by their enemies, "among those who are beheaded and being shot, especially in Mindanao.
If included in the excessive fear of the citizens and disappearance and loss of livelihood and the future of the thousands of thousands, but any million citizens, children of tofu, terrorism is really severe.
That is why, until everyone can do it, the bombing and shooting of the terrorists should not be repeated again, and if it cannot be stopped, little and small are the victims of the people.
The souls will not choose because they are victimized and it seems that there are civilians who are innocent and have no enemy.
Don't be ignored.
The authorities denied, especially the military, who are not members or supporters of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, the encountered and killed in the fight in Mindanao this past few days.
Included in those who have been killed are two alleged Indonesian which can be held or by the terrorists. "
It might only be used by the ISIS flag of those who were killed to be confused by the authorities in the character of those who have been killed.
However, the citizens should not just believe on the statements of the authorities because of the number of failures of statements on the issue.
If not a failure, these kinds of statements were intentional so that it would not alarm whoever has interest on the issue while there is a solution to the problem.
It is only then that they are telling the whole truth and the people who know about the events and the people who know about the events and it reached all, an example in the investigation of Congress or in reports of the United Nations.
Americans, PRL.
The caution and cooperation against terrorists is really needed because it is also necessary for us to have a way or thousands of foreign target to them.
Especially the foreign workers in the fight of their "Mother Organization" in other countries, like ISIS which can be found in Iraq and Syria.
The Americans, Prayes, one hundred people in Paris attack, Russian, bought 240 people by using the civilian airplane in Egypt, Arab and others.
One example of a surprise attack from the foreigners committed the bombing that happened in the street, Indonesia, which was the source of hundreds of foreigners and not Indonesian.
He ran and hid in the Philippines one of the actions of the bombing at the street and there was no other but Marwan was the one who killed the Special Action Force 44 and injured by many other policemen of SAF.
Crowded places.
The authorities warned, be careful in crowded places because these kinds of places are the usual target of terrorists, there are foreigners or not.
Malls, church, low, bus station, train, ship and airplane themselves.
If these cannot be avoided, being observant, quick communication and strict cooperation with the authorities.
Remember this: The authorities cannot take the fight here.
They need the citizens not only in the actual exchange of support but also to your intelligence before any attempt for terrorism, while this is happening and after the incident.
A good example is happening in Paris, that everyone became active in following the footsteps of the terrorists from Paris, France up to the countries in Germany, Belgium, and there were some who were arrested by the firing of the said attack.

Ultimatum at him / Benny.
