That is a perfect way.

According to 1500 dollars, the oldest holy document which aims to gather from the dates of Sbureaucracy.
Even Brila is a fellow priest and became a priest.

Don't give it to the Wtch.
He is very weak.
Reporting, Onse, Barangay But.
- Prayer, Galhmmmp!

Amen is said to be powerful, at the end of every prayer, this is not a simple wish for you to say that you have no doubt, what you say is true.
However, not all prayers are coming true, because this is not helping your prayers, because this will only happen to God's prayer, and because God is really praying, there is a God who is really praying - there is a God or not?

And prayers are used to weapon so that there will be an ordinary person.

"Dugo-bala" of the Pambansang Kamao, the heart of a Catholic world, is the chief of Hacadore, the Office of the country. "
"Maybe you are really familiar to that age of Karl Marx, especially the popular" tanim-ion.

Is the drugs of the masses still slow down, with the number of example of the culture of the culture that is more effective at the mass media and social networking, the leaders of every religion - in order to bring the masses to the land title?

"God, the Lord, the evil spirits!
I don't waste.
The men, who are wearing a ita, "
Avenue, Avenue, Patubo Junior, Rogelio Oryang.

It is Satan's Day, Avenue, Patubo Junior, who wrote at Papa Pablo VI or Giuliani in the country (November 27, 1970).

This kind of prayer is a sample of this kind of prayers like what was done by Marcelo H. del Pilar in prayer books and TIDs.
He used the popular information gathered by the friars to reveal their exploitation on an example, this was made by our Father's Day.
Their bicycles.
When we're picking up, when your name is far from us, you are far from us, your greed for the land is far from us so that you can handle the brightness of your bad tongue.

The teenage boy who has a bad tongue needs to take the neck!

Meanwhile, it is here that his studies are here, Mister Maria.
Are the AOIL Baria?
Hey, the Lord Baria, who is full of canny, is being swept up by a canvas before, aside from being a good person from being able to enter.

It has been used for analysis during the time of the campaign to oust Gloria Arroyo for example, this is a sign that this is written by one million pesos.
Oh, wow!
You are full of blessing.
The wealth of a person comes to you.
Aside from being rude.
To all women.
It is also done, your husband and child.
Nothing was left in Amen.

The weight of Amen is an effective solution to us, or the people whose pockets are made into oblivion because of the corruption of the whole family of Gloria Arroyo, this is also like the line of the line of Rommel Rodriguez which is also a symbol of the same prayer.
Oh, Missus.
You are getting filled with that's.
The power of fear.
That is for you.
Aside from you!
Those are pitiful.
While it is ongoing.
They share evil.
Oh, Missus.
You are not afraid.
With this law.
Only an excuse.
The same.
Make believe in peace.
Peace is the wish.
Oh, Missus.
Why did not look at the mirror?
Ask yourself, then give us first!
"Mirror, mirror.
Mirror in Malacanang.
Who are terrorists?
Depends on the country? "
But the mirror did not respond.
Because the answer to the question is already known.
She is indeed the same.

It is also direct with the leaders of religion, this is a puzzle in heaven, Ang Tamad, for sure, to be angry at DDr, especially the first vendor.
In the name of the Day, of the son, of the Holy Spirit.
This is for special individuals.
Which has been a huge amount for once, isn't it?
There will be tons of times every day to pray and confiscate.
He will make peace only after getting married.

It is time for you to waste the deficiency in pronouncing from Dilawan, who have helped with a blade in the line, with skill as well as the side of the foolishness like this.
Their belief is the way to the sky.
They say they are the only ones to save if everything is.
A breath will come in the coming 1993 so they will immediately come closer.
So that it will lessen even what you are overflowing.

In the time of forcing himself to insist the Accountability of Marcos BS Aquino, what kind of gold that will surface?
