The survey and soap is good at the survey and soap.

The skin was published in taking advantage of the destruction by typhoon Yolanda in the Visayas Region.
This is about the release of the Social Weather Station, "Ver" good" for the release of the victims of Yolanda of President Benigno Aquino III for its action for them.
For the opinion of PNoy in the Palace, after the SWS survey came out, they seem to be alone in happiness.
The problem, it appears in the streets the thousands of people and victims of the storm who say that the score of PNoy in them is a sound. "
12,000 don't win.
An estimated 12,000 victims of Yolanda were held this past week to condemn the severe damage of the government in helping them.
Many have not reached those who said that they are going to attend and join.
Many passengers from Samar who were from Samar who were stopped in the road of the police who attended the road were still different.
There is an increase.
According to the People's Surge which cannot be led to the recent rally, the victims who want to join the coming rally are increasing in number.
It is coming from those who want to go to the rally at the Visayas Region, victims and not by typhoon Yolanda.
There is also a call for other citizens and organization outside the different places that they have helped in order to kill the number of fifty-ranking government for them to act quickly and have responded to it.
To be impatient.
According to the said SWS survey, the score of PNoy himself from the victims of Yolanda is higher than the victims of Yolanda outside the said place.
PNoy is appealing to PNoy, according to Leyte, Samar and nearby places in the evacuation of 79 percent that together with + 54 percent of trust on him while outside the places that have been mentioned, 69 percent in the survey, the survey, "said the rally.
If the survey results are lies, which is a thick face from the data of SWS?
It's been three months of boils.
It has been three months since the onslaught of Yolanda last November 8, 2013, but the victims are considered to be favored by the government for helping.
If there is something, up to noodles, sardines and rice only.
There are foreigners and private help that just as long as the corrupt are just hidden such as well as well as well as they see them going to the grocery and mall.
There are also housing projects like the piles of house.
But, it is the child of tofu, it is even covered by anomalies by the officials of the government.
It is good that there are private people and organization that give more help to the victims.
Does not want to know.
Rehabilitation czar, Ping Lacson does not want to identify those who are involved in the piles of House scam, but the result of the investigation of the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group about this is near.
In case there is an evidence that the piles of house can be gathered, can you rely on to the public the inhumane who have money, even in death, suffering and hunger of the citizens?
Businessmen and the victims.
The People's Surge said that the victims of calamities will not be given importance to the rehabilitation program but the businessmen.
The government will just pray for the projects that will lead to 300 billion funds that will lead to 300 billion funds for those who are envious.
But he is not telling anything that somehow a good help to the calamities is good but it is a good contribution to those who are in a home and 10,000 pesos to those who have to be victimized.
But with the explanation of the DPWH, a construction is allegedly being given and just a little salary to those who will do but for a few days only.
P40,000.
According to the victims, it is better for the government to focus on every family affected by the storm which is worth P40,000 only and they are going to become rich here.
For them, they will think about how the amount will be used for their immediate action, including the capital for their livelihood.
This situation is far from what DPWH is saying and it is also far from the rehabilitation program.
In the position of DPWH, it is more favorable to a big sister who are making galvanized iron, cement, shrimp, and whatever more than the people with local materials that they will surely use.
If they will depend on the rehabilitation program, it is as if they are in the horse, they get hungry for the anticipated time before they will be given help.
In the long time of the program that will last for one, two, three, four and five years.
Be prudent.
It has been a text message to release the relatives of those from the Palace of Very good grades in Malacanang, he should be prudent in the meantime.
They should not wear the truth to the truth because they will repeat it again, maybe they might be driven out of the position without any time.
