
My visit was between Scout Ranger.

One of the painful events about my construction in the unit has passed, the number of Scout Ranger), was the one who took care of it in 2003.

I am one of those who first berates the company of the company that they are involved and they are going to transfer them to other lines.

The first thing I am thinking is that a few of the troops would make their way anymore when joining the various units.

Many people might have entered my mind during those times.

Maybe there will be no one to talk or to those who are trusted.
Maybe they will lose discipline and be stubborn in other units?

As explained by the management of the Philippine Army at that time, I have a lot of questions that is why there is a lot of questions that is why there is a need to separate them but there is no official who will give them a clear answer.

What if, the time when he is being beaten by the state of the state in those times, is why the terrorist Abu Sayyaf, NPA are still there, the terrorist Abu Sayyaf, NPA, and different kinds of terrorist Abu Sayyaf members in Mindanao!

I am disgusted with what I have saved up and sweat.
You can raise the ability and confidence of this unit through entering.
Knowledge in going to war, the skills of NCOs and integrity, this is not able to stay overnight and need the actual one.
Experience and trials that he gives, it can be forgotten to study for our pickpocket.

We also know that Scout rangers in the most easy call to fight the rules of the enemies of the government during that time so we also got saddened that some of the Ranger or pork barrel are also sad.

Anyway, we was impressed by the First Class we was impressed by even if we were born before, the dissolution of more or less ten companies to paint to other units was continued.

If analyzed, FSynod should not be jailed but there are really a point where we're really just a point, our point is that we might have to increase the amount of Fotoplay.

According to the reports of history, it also happened in 1991 that the former coated First Scout Ranger and Regi was released again because of what the AFP saw that they have given importance to the fight against the rebels and terrorists.

Because of the information gathered by our company, I opted to share to Lt Mon GROs at and sent to me the Saligang Batas of the unit, especially the UFC Middancers that we got for my time.

Every time I get news from the condition of the troops since then, I found out that they are in different parts of the Philippines, I am happy when they are identified good and reliable in their respective units.

Two of them, the SSL Rosello, and the SSL-Rodel Bonifacio, was being treated in the The Odiers (RPA-PS) being treated in the Maki bank Foundation College and Rotter Club of Makati-Metro.

Last 2012, Pad Arnold Panganiban and the SSL Jose Legaspi are his own First Division of 11Suhod Salunoy.

Meanwhile, most of the troops were snatchers, who are still fighting and are his best to be used to such as Serg and his personnel.

Retiro Street.

According to what I was expecting, 10Sibol will be released again after more or less than three years to separate them because I have been able to go back to a different unit, I did not have a chance to visit and beat him again to their companies.

When I found out that they were able to go back to the waiter that happened, I took the chance to visit them and bring her contribution to his contribution and contribution to the history of war between First Class Ranger, Regi.

I do not hesitate to take the muddy road going to their hole so at last, bring back the part of the history of the unit.

This is part of my mission this Christmas.
