I am very popular, "Dilawan, have Ebola?

Many Filipinos are hungry at present because of poverty caused by the lack of income of people, stealing of officials of the government and lack of care of the government for the situation of many people.
The administration of President Benigno Aquino III is anxious about the possible attack of "Ebola virus" in the country which is expected to be brought by overseas Filipino Workers (OFW) and foreigners to cooperate in the coming fiesta.
The administration of President Aquino warned poverty because this is the disease experienced by the poor people and not the people like him who are rich and do not care if they are hungry and have put them in position.
While the Ebola virus, which is possible to hit the rich like him and his followers are too feared because he has no medicine.
In other words, whatever wealth is being hit by Ebola virus, the destination is certain that the poor will only go here, but instead, there is a small medicine for their hungry stomachs if they earn a little money.
The Department of Health is calling the citizens to cooperate in order to fight Ebola virus, but why are they not calling to fight the pain in hunger and malnutrition?
Because they are not affected by poverty which caused many hunger for many Filipinos.
That is why the government should stop the act for them to care for the citizens.
They are really hungry "they do not have an argument because it is certain that the reason is the lack of funds, it is still Ebola.
If those who are taking their money for different medicines (Ghost project are being used to buy food for the poor, but many are still lacking of hunger.
If your immunity will get stronger, you will not be hit by any illness immediately.
President Noynoy said that you should focus first in helping and have a right time to work and have a right time with the poor employees and workers before you experience Ebola virus, which is certain that the program in fighting the said disease is sure to have a source of income.
