
Question is the bandits, who should sweep the Armed Forces to sweep the Armed Forces.

Since there was a professional Army rebels in Europe last 1800s, the regulations which have been causing the unique discipline will be completed which aims to protect the relationship of the countries.

The next regulations of the military like the proper devotion and those who shows a unique discipline, which is expected to be a professional which is expected to be launched.

What is imposed on the same amount of planting and uniform is important for an official unit of the military so that they can maintain a unique kind of pride, covetous, and arteries of the troops.

Since the Philippine Army left in 1897, regulations, like the proper shape and uniform, General Antonio Luna is known for a fierce leader in the field of need of discipline, including the famous uniform of the military.

The American soldiers raised the level of the military when the UFFi'll continue to continue the training of the soldiers in the proper discipline when the war will immediately be put in war on the germs in 1950s.

Remember the bandits.

Last 1950s, the soldiers Scout rangers were allowed to attract the hair and taste of the bandits because of the murder of the bandits and the murder of the bandits, Eddie Villapt, and pretended to be civilians while in mission.

It is also used by Scout rangers in fulfilling the hair last 1970s and 1980s because of the special mission where they can be seen on ordinary people in the countryside to find the bandit that is mixed in the community.

Why don't be distressed as well.

For me, the discipline of the soldiers should be given up again like the proper appearance of the uniforms and following the right appearance of a pro-NPA, to protect people from the bandits who are suffering to defend their appearance as if they have to imitate their appearance as agreement according to their culture.

Second, even if the hair of the soldiers will be long, they do not know how to make words from the coldness in the area, especially when the bandits have already learned how to put in the internet, including the stories of going to the internet, including the leaders of the war.

Third, it is just right for everyone to heed what is stated in the AFP Transformation Roadversary, which the administration wants to take responsibility and proud for the Filipino soldiers who are proud for the soldier Abu Sayyaf or NPA?

Fourth, the good leader has a broad perspective and learn from the experiences that sometimes, you can't determine who were the soldiers or bandits in the encounter wherein the bandits Abu Sayyaf in Tuburan, Basilan last week of 2002.

At last, there is no direct connection between the hair and bravery of the courage, I completed the group of soldiers who don't want to get a glimpse of the passengers of the Abu Sayyaf.

Oh, I do not agree with your crooked beliefs and arguments about the release of the bandits, if you force you to be a leader of your unit, you will be better if I will become a leader of you, beside you and what you will become a leader or based on your appearance.
