It's simple for us to look at it, as long as he shot this, older brother, and then she'll be able to talk to Stephanie Ann Nicole, Taba; and of course, we'll be able to talk to Adeleza; and of course I'll be able to talk to Adeleza; that is why we'll be able to talk to Adeleza; that is why we'll be able to talk to Adeleza; that is why we'll be able to talk to Adeleza; that is why we'll be able to talk to Adeleza.
Nicole is it?
Oh, that's how much we are, who are proud and trying to listen to the flawless; the family of his girlfriend, who is just open to his girlfriend, now, the prosecution's command of your nephew.
He / she grew up; he / she was brimming.
Your nephew / niece, now, we can say that we are going to tell a lot of colds because of her previous past with Anderson.
Yes, I am in the area, ah, what kind of room is in the Medical Center Medical Center.
A break-C-R - it seems like I am the "C KU" that's why I am blaming me again and give all the right to Medical Center for those who will be held.
She is not the only one who is five, but they are four, but the doctors are there with what happened, but what the Doctor said was okay.
Very short; we are still like that, sir, you are still, sir, because they are very proud of the child to be under the macy of the child.
So it's as if in case I be able to guard his condition, whatever you know, if you do not know if she is full of head, it's because my plan is still here on the side of your nose.
It is sad to look down; that's why we don't have to go out where the incident happened.
To those.
Ah, you're just beside him / her so that he / she himself / she / she himself / she / she himself / her.
Even if she is going to get the story here to us, maybe even if we have a picture of us, it seems that I have a picture of me too much, I think you have a lot of stories about us.
Covetous, very small; and after we are in number, we have to eat at least in a point, they are starting to try hard to save the people.
We thought it came out because I was able to go out as a family, we still didn't want to buy firecrackers but I did not want to buy firecrackers but I did not want us to stop our family now, as long as we thought that we were going to help me.
We watched the funeral parlor in the telephone.
"We are your family, who is my mother, who is my wife, who is here in the middle of our middle to the middle of our area.
"If we can walk, we watch as we watch over those who are taking advantage of the air that's why we were surprised that Stephanie Nicole is left behind.
We just thought that the smoke of the smoke that was filled with smoke; we thought was the butts of one of my sibling, that he saw five in the head.
That is not what I can look for.
"We talked to his aunt but we were able to go back to East Avenue that's why we found out that I am not able to take care of it here in his head.
Oh, it's just like that, we are stupid; our first incident is our first incident, that we have passed through this grave that I try to try.
Yes.
In Dubai.
How do you think that this is a sound; he / she is being taken care of; he / she is being taken care of, Kuya Martin.
Yes, Julie, sir.
It's hard to say.
I do not know that I can't understand my nephew.
"Would she not fool me; he / she wasn't able to look down;
There is it.
She will be forced to sleep that because her child needs something like that.
Covetous, fittest; if I am bleeding, isn't it?
It will be more fiery.
