Everyone is ready, they say.

They are already ready for everything that our government needs to do for the upcoming return of students in school.
The rooms are ready, the books, table and chairs of the students are already ready, they are also ready, that is why they will also make sure that they will distribute civilians who are civilians.
This is one of their readiness to give protection to the students against treacherous ways of society such as robbers that's why the police force to pretend to be passengers.
In Metro Manila, not of course are the Metro Manila Development Authority (MMDA), so their personnel are already ready to ensure the light flow of traffic.
MMDA added, those who are calling the Pharing Station in the entire Manila are also ready to avoid flood from our countrymen during the rainy season.
In other words, if ever all the statement of different agencies of the government will surely be orderly, the opening of schools on the coming June is certain.
All of them are ready, all of them have their own gimmick to the public as a sign of their preparedness, that is why we will surely get hurt with this statements.
I will ask about the house of my neighbor yogiddy, in the opening of schools in the whole country, there is something lacking in the rooms, chairs, table and books.
In the return of students to school, especially in public schools, it is certain that there are those who are missing in the list or they were removed from the list because they were removed.
During the month of June, the flow of traffic would surely be tight and when the strong rain comes, our students will surely walk in flood especially in Manila.
It is a few students who can taste the ferocity of society such as robbers, to make it, that is why we will say that, where the police are under the bridge, they end up!
I have a lot of roads that do not have a lot of roads instead of what big lack of education is what is used for the breakfast of government offices than the funds for books, table and chair, in your opinion, people?
