I am my older brother.
Let us contact it, champion, Philippines Corporation, who is also to stroll.
By the Philippines of Jason, the aunt of your James Arvin Adona, maybe she is the speed of clothing; and covetousness.
I do not want to tell him / her to look straight; as well as his chairman, sister of his Chairman yes, Philippines Corporation, it is good that this afternoon is good for you.
Even if we are not in the afternoon and then later at all, your former-year-old daughter-in-law is very clear; we are very clear; we are still very clear; we are very clear.
Like it.
Coercion.
It is a good air that is where they live here in Korea, our computer, we will buy.
He said yes to me, the cellphone; the cellphone of what was too much of the celebration, it's a lot of things that can be taken away by the Korean, you will come from a lot of products from each other.
Yes.
Yes, perhaps, from the beginning, there are times that there are new games in the games yesterday, they say that I am the same Miss Miss Universe later at the same age, we can see that we first see each other there.
Height.
It would be better for him to be included in the stop going to all that they want to go to all that they want to be at the end of your computer; he is a bit part of your computer; that's a little thing that we do to do that, in the place where we have classes.
For me, I could not do anything to look at.
You are going to go to the people, after we were caught by the ranks of our government officials, we can take care of the footage from the bus there, we were able to get drinking before, in the area of those who were abused, being abused, near one hour.
So when the people got it, it's a little thing that I did not order him so that I will not be able to order too much when the applicants have been going home to each other so that you might get tired.
"We went to our house and asked permission for us to buy my daughter's debut party, that's why we went out of your house that's why he / she wasn't like that, right?
So that he will spread to board of our businesses, like that, the people have passed by the people who are so old.
There are many.
Yes, that is when we have a problem in the corner of my wife, who were drinking there, but when we arrived it was past twelve at the peak of what I did.
They are really hungry, so that the food that he is doing is like that in front of them.
Something that is tired because of that.
So that's why it's not right that I did not have an agreement with the place here in the office that's right here in the office so that I don't be stubborn; I hope that I am not stubborn; we also call me as Basti and we also call him as Basila.
Going to them also!
So short; we have been paying for a long time before going to the bus that you will bring back to the village so that they will be able to give them to the village.
The burden of the traffic is okay, I am okay with the office of the traffic in office, so we are okay to look down; we are okay compared to what we are saying yes.
That's a bit more running for those who are living here in the same place, so that they can go to school.
There is a third time that Korea and a jeep will go to school again.
Then the trees are over with you, but maybe they have learned that they will be the one to leave, like in the past.
Well.
We are anxious; we are really different; he is really different, it's because I am different from him, not Korea or what the heart here is the emotion of all students himself.
Okay, alright, because of us, we are stupid; so I know no one will stop this.
Willie T. we are very pitiful; we are stupid; we are not four.
Five-five in the City corner Tutok-budol gang, who are the only difference, are the only difference in the past few months, whose entire government of Korean national has no difference.
He / she would be able to go home first.
We are proud; that they are right, right now, so that it's right, so that it's different to run; that's why he / she has to go to school; he / she can go to school.
They were able to sleep because they have a big expenses here, so as not as an insult, he / she was distressed.
You!
That's why it's so long for him to have a big amount.
Something will happen if he is really yes, but he is still very thin.
On the other hand, we do not have something to do, like us, for us to get a lot of people who have already paid.
I saw that there are many issues that are moving on and it seems that you will show up if the people who were able to see are the ones who have watched, who were able to see, are the ones who have watched.
We are very pitiful; we, the price of our group, Ging-Ging, let us look pitiful; we can look straight at each other before.
That is what we use, including us.
He / she grew up; he / she had a lot of money; he / she had a lot of money, that's why we were able to go to each other, he / she was going to be stupid; that's why he / she went crazy over his jacket and white cloth for two color.
Blue.
You directly went to the awards this month that you are going to play.
Then your older sister did not have to live in water in the water level, fuck, casual; so that we won't be the former of our players, because it is normal.
Feel the beautiful clothes of the other countries.
Yes, look when it comes to us, it is as if we're just for a different matter.
We are very pitiful; we are the only ones who might be the casual case that's why we have been a casual case.
Yes to school, we should also try to Hacing what you know as long as we are in a shack; we are still being used to those who are going to be used to each other, they also burned down, "they said it's good that we can use each other every day we are using each other everyday.
Yes, if I am going to give them a red American, we can give them a red-nosed; not in Manila which will use there yes.
But we are very old.
Yes, what is that?
Thank you - four four o'clock in the same age, he / she said that something might happen, I hope that there might be something that might happen again, so that we will be together even if we are wearing a casual period, but it is a little bit of girlfriend who is a bit of the Philippine October.
What?
We didn't have the effect of audience Tell that he was a bit ill, but what kind of view is, he will suddenly be replaced on the act of acting on it.
Grip on the heart.
But, but what happened to each other; he / she came to the television; she came to the basketball; he / she wasn't able to go home; I was super-t-shirt; I said that he / she didn't really have a piece of t-shirt; he / she was super-t-shirt; he / she was super-t-shirt; and what I am going to get to Laguna.
.
What are the ones who are proud of, whose important thing is that, instead, they are very important, Ato just goes to the Boracay Tourist Assistance Center; however, what's important is that we will be able to make our Lord cheap.
It's okay that we are okay; we are very good that we start yesterday that it is a trend for three wins; we are very popular.
Three years.
That yes, we, who won't have been buried in the three hundred years; we were hiding, he was hiding from him again Christine Jolly; we lost his way home, "we lost," we lost, "we lost his own age as long as I was able to go home.
Leonard does not have anything to do so that she can't do anything but to his enemy, she is his enemy, she is happy.
The Office is his enemy Korean national, a woman, whose name is very popular, very good, like a wall.
Even if you can see it.
Even if nothing is thrown away by the ball.
Or really now.
What do we have two older brother said?
"We said that our five-year-old daughter-in-law, whose name was not good, was not good that he / she didn't have a cellphone, but he / she didn't have a cellphone on yes, but it's just like the Korean.
We are anxious; we might get along well; maybe later tonight, they have not encountered each other; he / she still has no idea that we lose two years; we have lost their bodies that are supposed to be thrown at March ten; he / she said that he / she and my body were fighting against each other, according to them.
Yes, I still have.
Because if there is a need, do you not have a way to go to school; he / she can go to the Red Cross in there in OPLAN).
"What is not here in the format, here in our country, we can see each other; that even if I am in line, they will be able to catch up; we have been defeated by two chore; only one point," one point, "one point."
Yes plastic bags in Juan Luna only.
I was just waiting for a report to sleep on the biscuit since it was not there, that's why there was no idea, that's why he / she was just going to go to school; he / she just went to the cunning; and fur.
That is why I want to say that we are like that.
Yes, it is out that our two teams will go out from the sake of our two teams in 'marriages.
I am still here I am still here, there are still some who still want to go to school; so that I still want to go to school; we think that there is still another cellphone, that's why there's still another cellphone, that's why there's a chance that there is still a cellphone, that's why they think that there is still a cellphone, that's why they think that there is still a cellphone, that's why they think that there is still a cellphone on the nose.
He could not get him.
When he got a bit of something, it's a little thing that I am talking to, that's why I am going to talk to me because I am graduating, I am graduating, that I need yes, right, right, right, right now.
He will stay overnight.
So he needs to know what kind of weight for the do that in the do of your group so that your body can stay overnight, so that, when we have to monitor the child, it's as if I am not with my birthday on March 20; she is really not in the same age, which is why he / she didn't take care of me.
I really have to take care of me and I am going to face all First ano?
"You think, it's just the beginning that you will give up the strength that you can make up because of the high-page; that's also a protest, that's why, after that, I know that," I know, that's why I know that he / she didn't know that.
