Dear K, avoid me, plaza.

Jerome Noguides.
In the start of classes, our troops are still there every time, and humid weather, and humid weather, and nonstop is the search for those who were able to find out with new classmates, acknowledging the new professor.
But with all my friends, I can be considered one best friend when I met him when I arrived in college, and he did not leave me since then, when we had two years will be spent with UP.
He is the kind of friend that will be shown in and when I am with him, I have forgotten what I should do.
As long as it is possible, I take care of all the designs that I use for each other, this is my friend that determines it and where I will just keep it.
Perhaps he is also a friend of most of the students of UP.
Why is it that the influence of the influence of this friend to our students is very strong, you can't really say if those who are making it hard, especially to those who are possessed, especially to those who are roaming around, or are really lazy, especially those who are UP.
In this situation, it is important for us to go back to what is really the reason why we are in a university, even if we are in a university, it is important to us to keep all of us again so we don't fool me again.
Maybe you are here so when the time comes to serve the country, help your parents, or maybe it is just for you to have something to do with your life but no matter what is the reason, this should not stop in pushing us to learn.
Even if you are a friend of laziness in a very long time, it does not mean that you continue to fall into the bait in college, remember that your inspiration will continue to fall down on the rules of your actions.
It is important in mind our parents to stand after the bones, only pay for our co-workers, their relatives and children in the pallet, and the tax of the people who send them to school.

He / she comes back to me every time I think all of these are from now, and I often see each other, I hope that he would finally get away from me.
