He is unaffected in Zamboanga's story because the military's story has no effect on the military's story but they are careful with the remaining parachute of the mansion while some of Manny decided to go to the government, do not always remember, because there was a motorcycle with Jun anthem.
Jessica slowly went down to the city of Zamboanga tomorrow and he does not want to continue that they will go back to school, he / she said that the problem in searching for the remaining Marayes are not yet finished; he / she was not able to end up in the remaining decades that he / she was not able to end up; he / she was not able to end up in the remaining decades that he / she was not able to end up.
There is no reason why the witnesses of the military believe what they believe are happening.
They strongly believe in the last night of maybe one close to Barangay Marison and Barangay eggplant are the same place where they hit the innocent.
That is why the cinema is together with the daddy of eggplant in the school.
A new to burn down in the barangay.
Did you try to have a sports in line, and fur.
But it is said that they should have a house with the fingers of you who is Bing.
I will also not sleep in the sea in red.
Meanwhile, eight thousand pesos in the position of Marie came up earlier, including the policy that they hit.
They just grabbed the number of times that the group asked permission from Manny to go back to the room but instead of women, they are just attracted to them.
You are the same with you there.
Outside.
Use your brains.
Do not rush in rush.
Cherness, to look down, look at what happened to us.
Like it.
Having difficulty.
T-V!
They are saying.
You are stories that these are still alive in the places of the barangay where a while ago and Barangay Santa Barbara, along with his sharp gazes.
Meanwhile, it was already four of that, Calinao, told Zamboanga Tell that it was also worth it, which was close to the group of Marias.
I am here because I have been deceived during the age of five years.
Because it might be me.
I don't believe me here, he said five are just five.
The live-in-law of the live-in-law and forty-year-old aunt Weng will be killed when he will be killed, and then your child Joshua.
They were together in the hospital for a year of live in the hospital.
Three weeks have been removed after being beaten-up; the Spanish policemen and soldiers of sweat.
To whom the one day officer, who was looking at the sky, was looking at the way that Teresita is being annoyed at that moment, he / she was being annoyed at that moment, the two might be simple and the same might be simple.
Even if you are stories of other people, you don't have different cars, no one has changed with a soldier from Zamboanga.
Batangas Asher, what we have to look for ten years.
There is a convenient store that might be able to go through its height and whatever the head of a group is true, is it really true?
The telephone is mud at the telephone.
You!
Mall around.
But it is said to be direction.
March 28.
Five four-six-four children were five years old.
Two four people will wait for it!
There is.
The soldiers are recovering in the said place and then let go.
They visited their goods for P: C at the end of this.
We are the child of older sister Secretary Jesse.
You should also hear a lot of mistakes that you might not be in Zamboanga City in the barangay?
What are many houses in the cow?
She also did not get the house of the storage room and the sword.
Maybe she is also busy until it is not a picture of the war.
The passengers of the house fell down in a hole.
Ann arrived at the trouble that they will lower and text what has been brought to him.
Are you all our siblings?
But does there really be more difficult to look down; as well as the cold; because of the cold of some counting the pain in the middle of it.
Covetous, deport, good; we are good.
I have a lot of short do.
We came from.
It's really difficult to do.
We are very pitiful; we say in other positions that I have paid, that is only in a different position that we have bought, we just know that we are just going out and we are just going out.
Just holding the less, ten, happy and happy.
"It's okay that I did not hear about it because I remember that my father is with my father," my father, "said that I was left by Father and what kind of father was left, is there a news about him.
Me, we, in the news that we have, that's why we wills tart again.
It might be included in her nickname 'father who's my father's father, but, of course, we still need to go back to the house there and I have nothing to do with me.
We did five back to you, the details that we have received that is why I want to hear that we are going to hear each other; we can't hear that it is a conflict here in Pangasinan.
Set to serve three officials.
Both of them died while Mama Menes and Toddy was almost in two consecutive years.
"What's the last name of that, he / she was able to go to school; that's why she and I went to each other.
He / she First Lieutenant said that they were rescued from Baclaran and he did not know that those people from the Philippines have been saved, that is why they did not know that they were not able to catch them, but when they entered a helmet, they did not know that there were people who were not able to get into a helmet, but they did not know that there were people who were not able to get into a helmet, but they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to commit suicide, that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to commit suicide, and that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to get into a helmet, but that's why they really did not know that there were two men who were not able to do
He / she really has an ally, Jessica, not all that you are saying, that it's not true that when he goes to a helmet which is really dangerous, that is why when he goes to a helmet which is indeed not right, that is why they have not noticed that it's not true that when he goes to a video that's why they have not noticed that it's not true that he / she has not noticed that he / she was not wearing a video that's why they even noticed that he was not wearing a video that's why they even noticed that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he / she was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he / she was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why they even noticed that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why they even noticed that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she was not able to leave the video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why they even noticed that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why they even noticed that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she was not able to leave the video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she did not say that he / she was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why he / she didn't notice that he was not wearing a video that's why they
They continue to know where it is really these.
"It is still early to think that your mind is very early; we can think that what we are living on is right, and you will think that the lives of the Philippines are right, why are they going to be hit by the troops of the Philippines, that is why they will see that it is right that he will hit him in the office, right?
