Failure and corruption in an epidemic and measles.

The Department of Health is preparing for its travel against quick spread of measles.
DOH is now calling all other branches of the government to help in the fight against illness that can heal.
Included in those implicated by the DOH is the Department of Education and local government to help here.
Even the private doctors, nurses and other medical services are also called by him to help.
Many medicines.
DOH is saying that there are many and enough vaccine against measles.
But now it is becoming clear because in the ranks of barangay health centers, the statements are totally removed about the lack of vaccine or lack of vaccine.
That is why, many of the barangay health centers are lazy to walk for a solution in spite of the truth that there is a child who will be born with a child who should be born in front of the set time.
It appears that DOH or the government themselves are lying in the ball about having enough vaccination for sickness which is not sure to be medicine.
No doctor, no nurse.
Experience of all is the lack of lack of appropriate health issues in the barangay health centers.
"Is it that there is no doctor, nurse or others who have sufficient knowledge in reconciling with the health centers.
That is why, even if there is enough vaccine against illness, there will be no obstacle for the set time.
The barangay health centers are not able to count on the fingers of the "Mother leader" or have no idea of taking care of foreign businessmen to man them.
I am truly corrupt.
In the complaint of many mothers, it is not easy to show health centers, especially the doctors.
Instead, the mothers, who went to the private clinic by doctors, even the doctors of the government, need to be vaccinated there, but you should pay a love.
Where are the medicines given to the vaccine of "local government"?
Included in those who are paid, not only the medicine for the vaccination but those who are taking advantage of the passports, consultation and the very conservation.
Financial and vaccine.
Admit it or not by the government, no one can do anything to the people who say their lives are comfortable.
The families in the barangay will be counted among the fingers to say that their lives are light and they can be able to get into a private clinic in hospital.
That is why, the father and mother are forced to find ways to find a source of income to just leave.
Especially since it is said to be spread anymore regarding five months and it reaches five months and it has been a year before we find someone to meet the refrigerator in the work caused by contractualization.
It is also the government who is going to be the one responsible for doing the law for this, the called Herrera Law.
Because of the need for their family to live with their family, the mother or father did not respond to the call for reconciling with a vaccine that rarely passed by the rain.
Family driver.
Included in those who are having a hard time for the families of the drivers of tricycle drivers and jeepney drivers.
Everyday they are crying because it is difficult to earn for their families, especially for food and money of the children in school or taking care of them if they are still young.
These are crying because of being carried away by a loved diesel and gasoline for their income and the traffic enforcers who are living in Kotong is living with them.
They also lose electricity, water and others.
The petroleum products, electricity, water and other basic needs are lessened because of the very high tax that the government is asking for, except for the cheating of the company owners or control of the said companies.
The lack of life that the government is making is a big reason why these cannot be able to go to health centers to get an obstacle, especially when they time traveling with a program.
All of them.
Despite all this, there is an interest in blaming the government for the spread of calamity.
The government is saying that the mother and father are negligent and they are the ones who should be blamed why the children of them get sick or die of measles.
Change.
The government should lead the changes in response to the illness of measles.
Included in the things he needs to do is to crush corruption and negligence in the programs of health, nurses, nurses and others who want to take care of the citizens.
But he should focus on its rules in tax, petroleum, electricity and other causes of poverty and illnesses.
