
When there were 4,000 armed forces of the US in the Philippines, the PKP has opposed.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
April 4, 2013.

Disbursement Acceleration Program (CPP-year-arrival of the 4,000 government troops of the Philippines (PKP), the plan to bring up to 4,000 armed troops of the US in the Philippines in the next few days, which is showing a direct contribution in front of the intensified campaign of the US for a huge preparation in front of the intensified campaign of the US for a huge preparation in front of the intensified campaign of the US for a huge preparation in front of the intensified campaign.

Up to 30 grams of the US and a Naval Forces of the Americans were scheduled to die in Manila, Central Luzon and other places from April 5 to 17 in relation to the 2013 Balikatan last 2013) between the military and the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP).
"In perseverance in the exercises at Balikatan 2013 in the midst of the increasing government corruption in Korean peninsula, the Marcos regime seems to be dragged by the Philippine government budget against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)," said the KP.

"It was criticized by the Filipino people in the Balikatan 2013 military, and they insisted that the American troops who are currently detained in the Philippines were included, including the 700-year Joint Task Force-Philippines (JO-P) of the US Pacific Command which is a permanent based in Zamboanga City," said the KP.

"The KP has been criticized by the military and government budget of US to the Filipino people about the true intention of the so-called military that will be made out by the US as inhumane treatment and preparation in the operations conducted by the US as gold and selling of my spy and debts."

"The chance that the military is together with the military is not different but the preparation and show-off of the Philippines under its implementation and the Philippines can be used under its station in the possible launch of a race in the Asia-Pacific," said the KP.

"The Filipino people insisted that it is for defense of physical appearance and the economy of the Philippines against any race which is launched by the US against a sovereignty and country," said the KP.

"

"The goal is to be passed on to a specialist eheals, China and other countries to follow the policies of the US and threat to the countries not to support the directive of trade and investments of a civilized US."

The US Pacific Command of the force that is more than 80,000 troops in the Asia-Pacific including the 30,000 troops that is based on the US in South Korea and the American troops in Japan will push through.
