Saad was reversed, Oplan LS!

You are Dencio Madrigal Street.
April 20, 2012.
An additional proof of the failure of the Oplan Galugad conducted by the Philippine US-Aquino in the province of Sarangani is the cause of a huge slap on Human Trafficking Operation when it was tainted by a big slap in Sitio Sevidal, Brgy. Datal Anggas, Alabel, Saranggani and it was widespread until it fell down until the ranks of NPA rebels in Saranggani.

Nenita, who became the assistant team leader and four years of CAFGU and four-year-old CAFGU and bullets, which is why they are threatened by their group, P700, budget, which is why they are threatened to remove from the 'body of their group, which is why they are threatened to remove the wife of one of their fellow countrymen.

This kind of trend is not only one of the sentiments of their CAFGU and former officials and institutions of the AFP because it is natural to be rotten, corrupt, corrupt, Tumbang Papal, and violent, which is most important for those who have heard the kind of big coercion.

Nadal City also stated that he did not see that peace, progress and respect for human rights under the Oplan Galugad conducted in their ranks and the provinces of Sarangani is not true that peace will be implemented by the troops of AFP but violence, threats, fraud, fraud and lumads.

Niles so that it was reversed in the NPA and it is not just a simple call or leave his service, it is true that the call and programs of the revolutionary movement is true, respect and acknowledging the human rights that he will experience if he joined the revolutionary movement.

However, he / she did not accept that even a regular number 1 or NPA were not accepted because of the murder of a former councilor of Barangay Datal Anggas, Alabel last March 15, 2012.

Pending cases of NPA are being cared for based on the principle and laws of Filipino workers, which are in protocol 1 of Geneva who surrendered and resulted to the inhumane treatment of the NPA who were kidnapped, free, and overturned on the programs of the disputed government about the true reform in the land.
