An ordinary citizen, is at stake in the peace talks by GUnited States.

"If we fight, we are bad, if we just stay in a corner, we are still bad."
This is said to be the treatment of the soldiers of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) for the Aetas in their community in Subic, Zambales, according to Nilo, a leader of the indigenous people who does not want to identify themselves for their own security.
In Tales, the ground Reasst to the Black Nazarene, Nilo is only one of the ordinary citizens who have insisted that the return of peace talks between the government of the Philippines (GPhilippine) and the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) and the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) and the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) and the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP).
In the said amount of Pilo'clock for Peace Process (Pichhated last March 19, various sectors are needy who are needy to meet the root of the armed arguments.
The story of Nilo should have been kidnapped and imprisoned by the soldiers for the suspicion that he is a member of the New People's Army (NPA), that the harassment of the New People's Army (NPA) was said to have started when they built a group, government of the indigenous people in the middle of the threat of a businessman.
"We just want to insist on our rights but we are accused by the NPA," he said.
Those who are victims of human rights are leading the call of President Benigno Aquino III to have a serious return to the peace talks with Duterte.
According to Duterte, he would have been raped again or because of the release of Golovkin because of the initial investigation of the recent government.
Boromeo, for a famous and Nationalist Alliance.
In the statement of Duterte recently, he explained how one "historical meeting with President Aquino and Jose Maria Sison, the political adviser of the President, is the political adviser of the President, his proposal in a meeting at Amsterdam last November 2012.
Longon was promised to be defeated by Alan Kelsey, and other Philippine Constabulary (NDFP) and would become the contestants in the said meeting.
According to Jasper (Joint Task Agreement (Security System (Security System (Security System), Duterte insisted his release of the Philippine National Hero of 14 who is detained by the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office.
In the past 2011, the NDFP members filed an administrative case for a general contribution for the division of the two sides to hasten the peace talks between the two sides to hasten the peace talks.
To talk about the burning house of Aquino and Sison in Hanoi, the two sides in The Hague last December 17, 18.
The Philippine National Liberation Front (Decongestion Program for the National Orthopedic Hospital for the National Transformation Council (JRRMC) was set to celebrate a few of its point, including the lack of clarity on how the proposal to implement the Committee on the National Unity, Peace Agreement should be submitted by the proposed bill from economists and economists.
The Philippine Amusement and United States insisted that the reforms they are going to do are not yet done.
Meanwhile, the NDFP members also submitted his own ID, General Decongestion Program for the National Unity Party-Jony Peace Agreement) to implement the committee for the reform the social media is a bit of damage from the two sides.
It is also stated that the basis of the federal law and Alliance are also set aside from the unfair agreement that is against the national sovereignty that is against the national sovereignty that is against the national sovereignty that is against the national sovereignty that is against the Pambansang Kamao, "according to the spokesperson of NDFP).
It is also stated that the mayor will build a mayor in the 11 industry, including the industry of Hallhal, Rajah Buayan and 40 percent of the local industry, 20 percent in the government, 40 percent of foreign contacts, 20 percent of foreign contacts.
Along with the program of reform, the projects and livelihood in the community will increase the agricultural production, while the projects in the industry are starting to start.
After that, there was a historical meeting.
But in the said meeting with The Hague, representatives of Gonda said that President Aquino was not able to sign any agreement that he was not able to sign any agreement that he was not shy to talk about his promise that he was not shy to talk about such things.
The two parties have gathered again on February 25 and 26 at Amsterdam, the NDFP members prepared for the meeting of Aquino and Sison to the reunion of Aquino and Sison in Hanoi.
But the United States immediately said that they do not have a mandate to talk about the said cauldron containing the Philippine Army and the United States's declaration that it is time to be exported.
The critics of the NDFP members are priority in putting the unilateral ceasefire, and was directly hit in front of the declaration, which is allegedly destroying the full force of the negotiation.
It is also stated by the Comprehensive Final Peace Agreement, that according to Duterte, he needs to be neglected in a regular peace talks, where there is a need to discuss the political talks, wherein it needs to be discussed on the politics's political issues before signing the cals Association of Hala which is set aside from the weapons.
Duterte also said that the Philippine Constabulary "does not want to use the word" real reforms and "national anbantayan.
There was a separate peace talks about the NDFP members who was only able to offer their side in Hanoi, Sison and Aquino to force it because the government's declaration about the declaration of the government against one or two meeting has not been declared by the government, which was the first proposed law of NDFP.
ComVal did not complete the door.

"We are challenging the Aquino government to study the two Filipinas who have been freed last February.
He said, the improvement of the continuous imprisonment of his fellow Philippine Constabulary before was locked for more than two years and was liberated from recently because the court decided not to be the basis of the cases against him.
GEGARAOCITY also invited the said-mannered family but there were no representatives of it who arrived.
Included in an ordinary citizens who pushed the return of peace talks with Estolas, Bagasbas, leader of the poor community in North Triangle, which is brimming with jobs for business, they cannot sleep well at night in fear that the police will suddenly sleep well at night.
He is calling the "justice for the poor," the government denied.
Two relatives of the victims of murder and kidnapping were also talked to request for respect for human rights.
Dead on July 2011 was the wife of Marilou Mariano, Doña Remedios Trinidad, Bulacan, when they fired at their hut, in spite of their scream that they were civilians and not NPA, he was still charged with the court of the illegal number of Firearms and frustrated murder.
Meanwhile, the wife of Marites Chik or identified as Rolly Panaligan, a security guard who was kidnapped last October 2011 to the wrong thought that he is a higher leader of the rebel Party of the Philippines.
Mariano and Chik asked for help or to achieve justice for their relatives.
Malayao has promised to focus on the United States to follow the initial peace talks, similar to the Comprehensive Final Agreement on Human Rights, similar to the Comprehensive Final Agreement on Human Rights.
