
Even if the sale is mouth sore, high or killings were confiscated.

By Rolando B.
February 11, 2012.

They ran amok in Lawrence Fajardo, director, 2011.
In running amok, the very short life of billiards, and gambling, selling barb, a thrift shop gun, and other creatures who were selling cigarettes, gay men, and other creatures who were selling cigarettes, gay cops, and other creatures who were not together in the corner of EDSA and Pasay Taft Avenue are being tied as an ordinary life in this country.
On the same time, the time of film is not an ordinary moment for the long time of the people, city and countries under the culture of our power, and the flow of power over power, and the flow of its daily lives.
The problem in the movie is set aside everyday the flow of violence and culture of a prosperous life that does not want to be transferred to history and the city where they were cruising in the main roads of the city where they were cruising in the main roads of the city.
There is a traffic enforcer but it is not enough to fulfill his duty, the police, who is exported in the community of poor people who are living in the community of poor people who are living in the scene of the crime in order to make a post of the crime that has no implication in the life of the state.
In the time of Lino Byan, this is just simple at the poster billing and portrait of the official in the office of the mayor and an ordinary citizens, like a scene where the bloody and a gun is being held at EDSA while the victim, who has no longer cross, deadly, "is also in the scene.
The result, just like the entirety of the movie, he can take a little bit or mix in his commentary against the MMDA, Metro handsome, Noynoy Aquino, Palparan, Willie Revillame, and other Fotoplay.
In the culture of prosperous life, activists and those who have been identified as the political victim, but they are also part of the privatization of the state that is running amok, instead of able to go wild, and there are no more excuses for who to be victimized.
This is an opium of an indie film but it should be given protection to a young type to be devoured by a bird with a young man in the terminal, that even similar kind of father in the terminal will be a witness to a young child, as well as the driver who is a sibling of the van to his younger sibling.
The movie was made to be different because of the tons of personnel, scenes and stories, and even if we are just watching a relationship with a neighbor who went amok in the United P. Casal, and other speculations, which is noticeable in the body of a good type.
There was a voyeurism that's being ran amok, because the roads are the people's source of lack of life and death without a disrespect, which is one trait of indie films for the present, but there is a giant change happening, like the movies of Brillante Mendoza.
There will be a change because of the director, actors, viewers, whom they get in the film, this is also included in the mold by the state of the movie, this kind of race which is part of the film, this is part of a resolution of a medical exam and the financial problem.
