It is the challenge of the PKP for the sentiments of the HR / IHL, to protest about the widespread campaign of the AFP bombing.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
December 10, 2013.
The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) is worried about the 120th anniversary of the general of declaration of allegations of human rights and protector of the human rights that resulted in the lives of the masses and caused severe trauma in the lives of the masses and caused severe trauma in the lives of the masses.

"It is a serious violation on the human rights that has been launched by the AFP under the race which is launched by the AFP under the race which led to the Oplan LS." Said the Marcos regime, which is why it continues to create peace and rights to the people. "
In the investigation, for a campaign against the operation of the AFP, the PKP has identified the ambush done by the AFP last November 18, 21, 23, December 4 and December 6 in Davao del Norte and Compostela Valley.
Last November 18, full of 6: 30 as 30: 30.

Last 10: 30 in the November 21, the AFP raided a Sitti and other community in Davao del Norte using 10520 pesos in the northern part of Davao and town of Macor.
Last December 4, around 9: 30.

"Of their desperate belongings from the Botchok (2013, and in the launch of the Botchok (2013, and in the launch of the bombing, it ended up to the brutal use of the bombing from the rising of the civilians," said the KP.

Before this, on August 29-30, the AFP conducted a widespread bombing from the coast of Mountain Province and part of Bontoc, Mountain Province and part of Bontoc, Sagada, Abra, which resulted in the bombing in a severe trauma and trauma of the children.

"In the past three years, the Oplan Galugad conducted by Aquino himself that there is no difference from the initial military campaign such as Oplan Bantay," I and II of Arroyo, "said the KP.

"It is said that the armed forces of the armed forces of the police are continuing to express the human rights to make the human rights where the citizens and the protesters are fighting against understanding and opportunist system," said the KP.

"The armed forces of Aquino are continuing to conduct the murder case last December 6, a few days before the Independence Day of the human rights that were killed by the troops of 101st Lieutenant Shelina Calumay, Barangay Malamao, in the town of Maculot, Barangay Malamao, in the town of Maculot, Barangay Malamao.

"As a violation of the provisions of the Comprehensive Final Agreement on Human Rights (WBC) for Human Rights (Izzy Canillo), the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) is continuing to violate the peace talks with the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP), which is just taking advantage of the formal peace talks between the Supreme Court and NDFP).
