Let us try now to doctors to look at the doctor, whose children are proud to talk to his friends when we go to our yes, Oh Jesus, in the program of our Lord now, not just in the morning so you should not be full of Talk n.
Ah, I am extremely happy because you are going back to the High School which are only here in the High School which I have said to go back to the Philippines, right, we are still living here in the Philippines, right now, we are living here in the Philippines, right, and we know that we are going to give birth to the Philippines, right, and we know that we are going to give birth to the Philippines, right, and we know that we are going to give birth to the Philippines last Saturday.
However, it is not a problem in the Philippines that we have read, number one who have read yes, number one who have read yes, a lot of rotten programs, especially that many are destroyed, that are okay, "is okay.
You are fond of Bulacan when I hit a resort.
Yes, is it right to make it go to Thailand because that's just the only way he was able to leave here.
So it turns out that he is just here in his position.
We have a high school for the Congratulations!
Quickly lighted; giddy.
And then let it go to the pain that you will see at me, Ethel's age, who has no hope of seeing Steve when she found out that she is just right, that's why it's just right that he / she is just right, that is why he / she is just right, that is why he / she's just right, that's why he / she has not been too much.
The First Family, why did we try to try or what the government does for the time of Gloria.
They will be together.
They don't have any reaction.
Yes, you are okay, may it be.
Or whatever it is that he / she goes on Tampoy or TJ before you do not have a new acquaintance that is not enough.
There is no new.
Cleaning the money, and sometimes, they look at the same age.
Then at the Crossing Gabi, then.
"That's not yet their money that they have taken the space of the space there in the evening, that's why it's simple, why, it's very simple, why didn't it be good to try to try," hey, you can see that we are already dark, right on Monday.
Yes to her school, Uncle April is already pregnant that she couldn't sleep or just let him come from here, Ram's.
"We are anxious; I am also going to the case, I will also go to Manila for a long time, but why did she not do it yes," that's okay, "it's okay to call that love is okay than that.
It is different from Saudi that, why is it that that, this is a big cousin here in Manila when it comes to a lot of rain, that is why the rain should be seen in a month, that means that it's only one day when you look at the sea that has exceeded the eggs.
You will bring too much anywhere that is coming from Golden Globe Awards just to help me.
"They will fall into it, in the sea, yes, when I call it to drink all of us, it's too much for how much it's just a small amount of salt so that is why there are many jobs of the motorcycle.
"There is also a better solution or maybe we will see each other for a few days that we have no water, right now that we have no water in other countries, right now that we can make it back to the water that we can use, I can drink it just last Sunday.
Oh yes, you should have done something wrong.
That is what they are doing.
In Singapore, there is no water coming from the sea that comes from the height that came from the sea which is not going to the sea which can go to the sea so that they are used all over the water.
But with this, there are still some who say.
I hope that it would not be good for the Philippines to look at the Philippines, so I am the only one I want, why are you just like me, huh!
"You are just beautiful with the U S. a T because in the past month Secretary 'party, I already know that it comes to him, at the same age, you know that," you know, that's how you're asking for the Department of course, thank you.
Well.
Their clothes were consumed.
And there are a lot of fish that is still good in school that's why it's too good that it's too much but I am the only one who are taking advantage.
It is just so simple that this is not just a simple joke, that he is the one looking for a long time when Maria is looking for a lot of times when Maria is looking for a lot of people in there, let us have a lot of people who will benefit from there, many people will benefit from it.
Your house is going to be ruined because we are not in Cavite when we are not Cavite there in Marikina Marian Rivera, they know if there is a big amount of water in there that's why there's still not yet done that they are going to live in.
Hi-third floor, I am not doing the laundry, of course, as long as in Davao, there is a typhoon that will not add up to a storm that will not be added to me by the medal of that in the Pampanga.
Yes, Pio Catapang is a house that I have high.
Even if everyone will not be able to solve it, change will be solved even if it is still free from Puerto Princesa.
She is not going to live-up with his chin.
Ten million pesos.
Can't it be easy for you to have money to buy traffic, that's why we can buy-up; that's why they are also a boat, which can be cut off; so they can be cut off.
So what's that, what the motorcycle should do is for us to have a lot of paid gold that I know from Dionisio.
Yes right.
We also have a lot of votes, which are very low; we can go back to the storm.
You're like a typhoon that is why it's okay because we are always talking about it.
So that it is a surprise that is connected to people.
To us.
The heat like that is that, yes, you know that Tito Paul Felix is there.
Yes, even Ate Mariz said to leave.
Now.
That?
Very small; the typhoon came from getting angry; he / she got angry; he / she went out to the Philippines; he / she was able to go out; so that we were the one who left you so that you didn't have a price for that.
So why don't you try it?
He said.
Yes, all the countries come near you and the commandos to go to there are all months that they will decrease in there.
Of course, it's too much but small things in all world, that we believe we can't do anything.
There is a number of problem that there is a result of their training as a result of the agricultural sector and a little bit staring at him, I said that they are wearing a car, I told them that I am in a car, I said that many are too much.
I have read the whole afternoon, I have read in my past every day, but I force myself to see that I am the beauty of traffic in the same party, that's why the car is just like this.
Two.
They said, why don't you know that you know you are going out and what I have mentioned to me, should I tell me that I do not have an example for example.
What you can look at is, there is no problem in the Philippines that why do you love the price of the children that it is okay for the children to be kids.
Malolos, they are okay yes, and then, they say yes, and that's when he / she goes to the acadversary; he is very low and giving attention to those who are missing in the Philippines because of the trust of TIDs.
The government does not do anything.
You are always joking or have to go on the barangay in front of him who does not know.
"What they do they buy at the hotel that they buy at a hotel; and as well as the driver, you know that this is the only one given to the children to be crazy, that's why they are the only ones given to the kids.
They do not know if the child is five years old when the child is five years old, not an old age.
That is when he / she wants to be an old age of Kajatian, I do not know about that.
Why in the Philippines, there are more.
What?
That is why there are more than television which show your voice, Arayyy.
You don't know that you are not known.
"You should ask yes to our conversation with the people you are listening to.
Alright, because of how much the ingredients filled with barangay are complete, that it is prohibited for him to be very gay, that he can only be gay, and is white that even for the child.
That's why we don't know that you have an umbrella that you do not really look much as well.
Yes, like a resort that has no gay food in the chicken.
Carlo or add egg-tempered yes, you have food for the child who owns his weight loss.
The number of people quickly grew up; we were only five o'clock; but they were only five in the Information Development Authority, why no one can stroll in the Philippines signal number one.
Charlotte.
He / she was able to look down; he / her television, radio, called on what was the last name of Port.
You know, "you know.
What is a new suitor or ask what he has been gay, he does not know.
Yes, the rope and intellect, you'll just ask that, and how much I agree with my heart, I help him, but I help him, "I help him, I am going to help me, I am going to help me, I am going to help me, I am going to know that I do not know anything.
If you see each other, there is still a good thing.
The Pacific Ocean is going to conduct a conflict when you are going to be free, look for it, "hey, radio, for how many have been suspended here are my children.
It is okay that you are really hungry on your face, not you or any kind of fittest person.
What we need is right.
Yes, the most extension is not gay.
Nothing can push through the roof, nothing can happen.
Only!
Yes, we are just a doctor later, let us talk after.
Later, we continue to increase in computers, right here, thank you.
Yes.
