
Our souls will be awarded!

NDFP) in Bicol.
July 07, 2013.

The Supreme Court of the Philippines-New People's Army-National Democratic Front led the eight companions who risked their lives in a defense against the 31st Infantry Battalion this July 4, 2013 in Brgy. Callejon Dos, Juban, Sorsogon.

Too much exhaustion from the people is for the sake of Ka Greg Patiño and (Frankie ArSoriano), Ka Miloy (Pega), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon), Ka Rey (Ted Failon).

Frankie ArSoriano, known for the masses and his companions as Ka Eve, and Ka Greg are who are the eldest child of the teachers in public elementary school in Libmanan, Camarines Sur.

Ka Greg are left early on the father early, which is why it's hard for a common teacher to be able to study the three children, but from the schooling of the three children in La Conejero in Libmanan, he continued to be an active sacristan at the church.

He studied up AB Philosophy in Ateneo de Naga University, and used this knowledge to clean the sake of the citizens of Camarines Norte last 1995, and as well as the indigenous people of the town of Camarines Norte last 1995, and as well as the dialliances in Manila on the second floor of the citizens.

He appointed him to act on the name germs as councilor of Panaad Stadium in 1998, and since 2003, he served a voice of those who are oppressed and the poor people who are oppressed and the poor people who are oppressed by the Partido Demokratiko ng Masang Pilipino.

Wherever it goes, the content of the feelings and action of Ka Epoissess is being defeated by the masses and colleagues so that they can give them a proper perspective, stand, and ways to push through the strict view and goal, the people and people will succeed in the revolution.

Ka Milk (Peking HRO) is from Barangay Buting, Bulan with a few days after being members of the youth in their university, she decided to join the New People's Army because he knows that they will join the New People's Army because he knows that they will join the New People's Army because he knows that they will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army because he knows that he will join the New People's Army.

In the more than fifteen years of service of Ka Ioy to the people, he is thoroughly dragged to the cooperation of the masses and culprits, which is important for him to progress as one of the best-in-red Commander of Celso Mabalaca Command and even a member of Civil Defense in Sorsogon.

It is said that the red pickpocket was planning to fight against the good Commander of Ka Miloy's trust in his leadership because he was not able to finish the sudden news from the operation of an enemy, which caused the sudden news from the operation of an enemy.

The companions in Ka Milk has become lighter because he will still do the sentiments of his neighbors who are good in dealing with the masses, calm in stories, but when it comes to the military, he is always holding the strict discipline.

Ka Milk has been arrested for an enemy, but because he knows the rightfulness of the Supreme Court, he continued in action after being free.

As a part of his duty as a member of his duties as a member of the committee, Ka Miloy was also served as the second secretary of the committee in a field of germs on the said field until he became a tight handling of his gun, a proof of his grip to the armed fight.

It was a picture of a real communists from Christine "Ka Nony" Pavas.

Since 1980s, in 1993 as a student of Jalaurie of UP College of the mass Communications, in the whole time of Ka Nel, he is about to study in Bicol University-College of Education Laboratory.

Sharp, intelligent, and always prioritizes the welfare of the poor and who is oppressed by the challenges of the poor, becoming a wife, and most of all, as the servant of the people.

Ka Nel was assigned in 1998 as a member of IOS in Albay.

Professor was professor in Pasacao de Naga University in 1995, Ted Palacio, Ka Gary for his companions who are also active in front of the armed citizens, from 1996 in the next year, Ka Gary who started to make his service to the participation of the armed revolution.

The contribution of Ka Gary was meaningful from those who are just starting to show each other as well as a huge amount given by the Liberal Party to serve the revolutionary movement of the Liberal Party to serve the revolutionary movement of his duty to the Liberal Party to serve the revolutionary movement of his duty to the Liberal Party which he continued to be free from traveling to his enemies.

The quiet person Ka Gary, who can be treated by his companions, is also a member of his companions as one of the best players in the entire region.

Ka Rey (David Lahi), Ka Nene (Romero) and Ka Jay (William Villanueva Jr.) are all skillful in front of the farmers in Camarines Sur as Commander who is always leading in front of the leaders of CMC, including Commander who is always leading in front of the forces of CMC, including Commander who is always leading in front of the forces of CMC, including Commander who is always leading in front of the forces of CMC, and also a few hours that will be a butterfly.

Ka Rey offered an organization of farmers in Gabao, Irosin, until he became a member of the Liberal, Ka Nene, and Ka Jay while they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the New People's Army so that they decided to join the

AOIL (Ka Kevin), native of Padre Diaz, Bulan, Sorsogon, will join the armed forces of the US, particularly in Sorsogon, that is why the American soldiers and groups of poor farmers, and officials of poor farmers, and as beneficiary of education in the ranks of poor farmers, and as well-ranked leader of the armed farmers, are very deeper.

Ka Kevin and Ka Jay are members of Iglesia Ni Cristo, but their belief is not an obstacle to join the armed fight, instead, they removed the good children of the country in order to live the real service of the people.

A meaningful role is called by Ka Kevin this last year, and will be the one to be defeated by the farmers in the middle of the consecutive fields of the farmers in the countryside, and fix their own skills in the consecutive fields of the farmers, and fix their own strength to lead the interest of their type.

The revolutionary movement and the people are going to push through the eight of the revolution.

The being pushed by the people is the ones who will be able to solve the AFP through distress.

Our great martyr.
