It means that it is my friend that I am not sure that it is not our night, "that's a good morning at the old market when she has good manners.
We thank you.
That will be the invitation of our ears.
They know that this is called here in us.
Okay with what you are Bea Rose of course, Secretary Rosario, one of now is the worst part of her office so that he is under Secretary Fortich, of the Department of me.
He / she is very popular; we are really serious, the problem of our Apple grader is really intense, that it seems that we are the ones who will take care of pork chicken, and what else are the ones who are taking care of the office so that he will be the one to go to the office so that he will not be in the right side of the office so that he would not have anything to do.
Pour our relief and relief.
When it comes to an outburst of head, isn't Joly.
I am trying so much.
Talk to him.
That is why we are stupid; we are proud.
So Linda, they really have their chin because it is cheap for them to look down; we are cheaper.
The sale was quick.
Hmmmp!
And that is the same thing that we can point out; as long as they go out of the news that there's no news coming from there, there are already a chicken that goes out in the market to pick up, one hundred pesos per kilo, and what can I do?
They are really the ones who leaves the rules in line, whose office are made to come out of the office so that's like this, F-R) we placed it first.
I invited me for a long time they are taking a long time.
You are super most of you.
The one whom we are selling in Juan Luna is to be able to buy a tree that is why I don't want to buy the tree that is why I don't want to reach the shirt that they have reached for.
Not enough.
They should just give five food.
Someone who has a cold is also important before it has reached 90,000 pesos.
There is something.
We get the blame for the PFire Protection Program and that is still high, if you think about it because you have a regular.
That's why Vice is right now and everything went down.
But now they are for the right now.
I miss in one kilo that might be seen in a kilo.
That is why our how much are we really?
We should remember that last Saturday.
A chicken that is being encouraged to enter.
This last Sunday.
Very small; we were able to go along with their own six-six-NPA) that they have seen the beauty of the pipe; that's why there are many programs that are not going to go down, which is why there is a program that is not about to go down, which is why there is a program that is supposed to have a lot of supply, which is why there's a lot of price hike which has a high price hike.
There are some who take care of a chicken they are saying that the value of chicken is said to have been the importance of chicken in Sunday, that is why they wish to lower the M-R-T of chicken, shrimp; and covetousness.
What do you easily say that it is easy to say if we get into it before you earn.
That is the problem because yes, it is easy to stop.
Because, when you increased an example, we have an example, because you don't have a fight, because you don't have a fight because of how much we enter, all of those who have entered the same time when I arrive in the Production of what will happen to the life.
That's why I said that I am being made by the one who is being used to pick up; we should not use the earnings of the people in order not to take advantage of the long time that is really given to them so that they will be able to take advantage of the long time given by the Special Action Force, but I said to them.
You should have a problem, do not rush your biopsy.
We are going to know what they are together with-t-shirt which is really the heart of t-t-shirts; not down, and that's still nothing, or it means that many buy a teacher together.
They will just get along with them and they are not saying they are using a chicken.
I have a high contribution to him / her to create a chicken that is why if he does not know that the price will still get involved in the price so that the price can still be involved, I may have been going home.
They already talked to Production.
Anyway, they think about the situation of the new life that I have not been affected with too much neighbors, because the prices there are many people who are too much going to there because it is not even more.
Even though it is very high here in '70s, the couple is too high, but now they are just playing in a different sector; but until now, we still have to go to school; we still have the ones who are going to go to school, especially that we really have no preparation, that is why we really have no preparation.
We are looking for the big marshmallows, what are these, whose effect is to our countrymen.
This is how old "Toto at this year was when I arrived.
Which is Production.
And this is what we should say.
Yes, your followers.
Here is it and then.
Hey, we have known each other for ten-ten people, who are taking advantage; they are being used to those who are going to the market to go to the market.
Because it is four of us, we are at stake; we are different from other countries, they do not want to eat food in other countries that they do not want to eat, we want to eat, we want to eat, we want to talk to me, "cheater that's because I am the only one I want.
Consumers are the ones who take advantage of the meat.
"What might happen, that we are near because I am still here in your place, ah, right?
There is a pig.
Why are they like the majority of it?
He / she is open to look at the gnomes, pork.
Because it's a waste if they would not like what they want.
Because of this, even if we are not doing anything, we have no action, we have a little yes to the removal of the Spaniards so that they can come out.
Let us see that we are not in our father just for us.
We have no Special Action Force that is too much of the houses now when it comes to pork that is not good to cook.
Number one when it comes to me, we cook one kilo of buying.
Salary in the club.
The trip will be lessened.
Covetous, fur.
So the local government is really beautiful.
That's why we will buy it better to buy the local government because we will serve as a higher reason for us to cook an example of one of my grades one thousand pesos to an example one hundred pesos.
For me, I will be the eking.
Asiana t-V will let it be.
So Mandaluyong yes, that is why I am cheap to get people who buy this, but if you are the ones who buy, but if you are to be able to buy people, you can see that it will be seen to buy money that is why it will be better to buy it.
You are going to look at stake; we are asking about the information that you give in the market, do you follow our band here with the former M-R!
According to us, we do not have a problem now that we do not have a problem, and still low in front of the streets; that's why they will be the one to use.
Former now, so I said it is up to us, let us look at us.
There are vegetables and vegetables that we do not have a good discussion, so we are going to give a good visitor from them before, because we are going to find a way to earn money; we are going to find a way to earn so that we're going to find a way to earn so that we're going to make a way for us to earn so that we should have a lot of passengers for us.
Okay.
Yes, at that point of conference, I don't know if I am going to a place to go to school; we are going to have a place for tomatoes; we are going to help in the death so that we can help the death if we are not being cooked in it.
Yes, maybe that is really what he really yes.
Personal yes, the department is not too answered.
Yes, I should not have one system.
According to them, they say that tomatoes and these tomatoes have done properly, and then we would be here here, okay.
You know, what we talk about is that, it's okay to do that, we still have intelligence here in the third floor, we should still do that we are still not in the third floor; we should not really come that we are not going to get the payment.
Just a little bit of what we have in the room, we should be able to look down; we should wake up.
It might be.
Voted in.
Yes Bible.
No one can enter it if you come from the country.
He is still dead even if he is already dead.
Carmela, he can't go to the Philippines so that he is mad at the Philippines.
!
So short; we can tell that we will tell the ability to come out of the office that is why here in our love for us, four.
We are very confident; we are concerned; we are very tired; we are very tired; we are very tired; we are tired of what they need to catch up, so that they should know what they need to catch up in your office so that we can find out what we need to catch each other in your office so that we will find something good to each other.
It is a system of care, and then we will go back to four things that you might get along with, especially when there might be someone who might be able to take care of what reason why we should just go down by white because if that is open to our voice, we will not be defeated.
Some will die yes and we are going to progress together.
"It's okay to look at the same age; he / she said that we should thank what we bring here, that's why when we were able to take an operation, it was said by the Department of 75-bust operation, which is said to be the Department of Agency (Agency).
There are some things that you might have vices, so we should answer to our farmers so that we will always take advantage of what you are doing because if we always take advantage of it, so when we always take advantage of it.
To know the buyers, take advantage of it, so you go to the land of a chicken that goes on to a road because it is talked to us to reach us to reach and go down last night.
Thank you very much for us to send a lot of gratitude for the Zumballoween.
Meanwhile, friends.
