The intensified campaign against the additional benefit is the trigger of the members.

By P2,500.
February 9, 2012.

The members of health are very angry because of the Aquino administration's approval of the benefits received by the Aquino administration.
"The decision" policy will be the cause of their left benefits.
This is the response of the Department of Budget and Management (DBM) for the call of the Filipino workers to recover the plan to lessen their left benefits.
In a conversation with a conversation with Filipino workers including Commander of Health (OFW), DBM was asserted that they are based on the benefits of the members of Health Services Order Number 2012-Station 2 that will give orders to the welfare of the employees.
Under the said memorandum, it will only be 130 pesos per month from 150 every month from 150 kilometers per day of making an increase in exchange of an ordinary employees in the institutions and programs of the government.
DOH also said that it is also based on the memorandum of DBM Secretary Memorandum Number 7 and 112 that will give rules in the preparation of the budget for different agencies in the year 2012 and 2013.
"If the goal of the government is to remove all the benefits in Magat Carta, like what the representatives of DBM is saying, we will not allow it to happen," according to Emma Manuel, President Francois Hollande that she will be able to cheat in Tondo Medical Center.
The employees are anxious.
As explained by Manuel, it is causing something that is bothering me, not just right and against the law that they are going to. "
He also said that like other citizens, too much increase of nonstop price of goods and services are the workers, and they need any additional benefits given by the government.
Nevertheless, there is still no time, the DOH is allegedly against the command of the DOH and having a donation for the Implementing Rules and Regulations (Magalang, Carta of Public Health) which is set to be a date on November. 1999.
It is stated in the said rules and regulations that the government needs to allocate 150 every month that will increase and 50 pesos per day (or P1,500 every month), which is its price hike.
They also said that, "contrary to the provisions of Joint Task Force Number 4 or Salazole, PL) III, which aims to dismiss the benefits stated in Magat Carta, the said mandate of the DOH and DBM.
"If you want to take a stand, why not those in its height?" According to Dante Perez, who will benefit from the Philippine Constabulary Center.
Perez also said that it is weird that the majority of the government officials are going crazy in the hospital because they cannot see the situation of ordinary patients and they cannot feel poverty inside the public hospitals, he said.
Perez's fear is that the day might come that there will be no health problem in the Philippines if this situation continues to remain in the Philippines, if the salary is low, there is a lack of benefits and increase.
"We can't refuse to leave those who need our service even if our salary is low, we should not go to service for the Filipinos but do not let us go," said Perez.
According to Amalia Fuentes of Amang Rodriguez Memorial Medical Center, it is very painful to think that we loved our job in spite of low wages and difficult situation, but we were not loved by this government. "
Protest is the call.
BITAG is calling for the hospitals to fill the hospitals in different form such as hanging of amamers, ribbon committee, and even the barism so that there will be a "atmosphere of oil" in the opposition of the said policy.
"We have grown old in service, but we do not see any change but continue to extort and make sure," Remy Yo'clock in Tondo Medical Center, 38 years of service.
"We should be ashamed of each other and file a case against this government and we can't rely on our lives and livelihood to be removed from all of us.," Yadda said.
A big protest by the members of health will prepare for February 14, Valentine's Day, in Mendiola.
"We are full of patience when it comes to the health sector but all the patience has a limit," said Perez.
