
The ceasefire was said to be the declaration of the traditional Christmas season, on the anniversary of the PKP, and on the visit of Pope Francis.

The committee Bank, Liberal Party of the Philippines.
17 December 2014.
Disbursement Acceleration Program (Decongestion Program for a civilized nation, CPP, Pope Francis "will visit.

The Department of Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) released the declaration of non-stop goods for all the ingredients and units of Bagong Hala Bayan (BHB) and his own town with effects of the following days.

12: 53, December 24, 2014 to 11: 59.
12: 00 1, December 31, 2014 to 11: 59.
12: 00 in the evening of January 1, 2015 to 11: 59. Talipapa of January 19, 2015.

In the past few days, all the units of Bagong Hala Bayan and the head of the country were ordered to stop the launch of the disputed operation against the Armed Forces of the Philippines, of the Philippine National Police and other armed groups that are allowed by the Philippines (GPhilippine).

The declared winner as a cooperation with the Filipino people in their celebration of the traditional Christmas season will be shown together with the celebration of the 119th Independence Day on December 26.

It is also being shown on the declaration of ceasefire, as a respect for the coming visit of the father of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis, which is one chance for the Filipino people, poverty and abuse of the farmers and workers, the issue of Hacienda Luisita, poverty and negligence of the government budget for those who survived from calamities and poor people.

While the declaration of ceasefire, it should remain in the active defense of the Botchok and head to the country, we should remain on alert and alert for the active operation of military and personnel of the police and staff of the Philippine government and staff of the Philippine government of the Philippine territory.

All the units of BHB) in the country should always be ready for the assurance that the aggressive units of enemies are always ready for defending himself so that they can stop making no distress.

The citizens should remain alert in the continuing campaign of the domination of the Aquino administration under the Oplan Galugad conducted by Pope Francis as a reason for the citizens to stop their national and under democratic aspirations in the time of visit.
