
There is trace.

The catholic bishops conference of the Philippines (CBCP) is right with the failure of the administration of President Benigno Simeon Aquino III to increase the quality and level of life of the people but it is saddening that this revelation is more due to love for the country.
According to a statement of CBCP recently, the current administration's steps are lacking in order to stop corruption, spread of crime and ease the poverty of the country.
The bishops even joked about the continuing violation of human rights and extrajudicial killing.
They also said, they are also being neglected by the rights of the people for sure of their livelihood, a decent house, quality of education and rights to inherit new rights (NGO), but this is also an unforgettable experience that this is right).
They also criticized the failure of the administration to pass the Bangsamoro Basic Law that will give the country to research and the transactions allowed by the government to research, while the government's program is different, "straight path."
"Why are they afraid of going back to the people the truth behind their leadership?" The question of the prince of the Catholic priest.
I cannot say anything wrong with the criticism of CBCP because those are true.
That is why what I wonder about is that this is how our problems will be faced during the time of the regime of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo but why is it that there was no one of the audience of this?
I remember that if the people are calling out for several times, it should be sent out for a letter to a letter in the time of the Marcos regime, but they remained in the streets.
Their mouth was shut despite the corruption that was widespread during that time, instead, they were playing with Macapagal (like dancing in the dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the first part of his Marcos dictatorship).
It can be recalled that some of them received a lot of favor from Macapagal, like an example of luxury Sports Utility utility vehicle (SUV), Mitsubishi Montero (SUV) (SUV) that was returned after being shot).
That's why this statement of CBCP is obvious to take revenge on the current administration especially if he was noticed that he was embarrassed when he refused to stop the passing of the Reproductive Health Bill which pushed by Pres. B. S. Aquino.
Even though the bishop seems to have another motive in their statement, the truth in their message should not be neglected.
