The secret was criticized by the Senate in the role of the US in Mamasapano, PKP.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
February 25, 2015.

The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) encouraged the Filipino people to criticized the policy of the Senate being done by the Senate in relation to the involvement of US in the Mamasapano operation.

On the last day of the public hearing yesterday in the Senate, it was exposed to the testimony of PNP Director Getulio Napeñas confirmed the big part of the military's testimony in the leadership of the US to kill Zulkifli Bin Hir (Marwan) in Mamasapano.
Although the general insisted that the soldiers of the US are not included in the actual operation, he did not follow the statement of Senator Ralph Recto that he was with the actual military post in Shariff Aguak, and he gave him the actual footage from the video that was taken by the video.

However, what's still deep in the issue is that the Senate's committee is being endorsed by the committee, because it is allegedly due to complicated situations, diplomacy and security. "

The KP has criticized the policies of the Senate in the issue involving the military of the US. "What they are saying is to make a good issue on national sovereignty and security to the local police and military or some of its units."

"The information revealed yesterday that the involvement of the military by the US in Mamasapano was deep, which is opposed to the initial statement of the American troops' operation," said PKP, "said that Aquino was lying down to hide the involvement of the US."

"This means that the US is involved in the operation in Mamasapano, due to the severe violation of sovereignty and construction of the Philippines in different levels including the implementation of the operation of the local government, which is included in the operation of the local police including one soldier who looked casually.

The PKP can advise the Filipino people to protest against the planned journey of the US in the Philippines and it will lead to more cases of the US in the Philippines and it will lead to a bigger case of the military and violations of the US in the Mamasapano operation.

"The annual travel of Balikatan is no other but a sidewalk that will be helped by the US," said PKP, "said the US and PNP for the operation of the US and PNP for the operation of Mamasapano last January 25."
