
100,000 workers marched on the All Soul's Day.

By Filipino Weeker of May 3, 2012.

Up to 100,000 workers, along with different sectors of society, have marched in the entire islands to commemorate All Soul's Day.

Their style is to commemorate the protest.

The plague to the entire country of Kilusang Mayo Uno (PAR), according to Pres. Benigno Aquino III, said to be a puppy of the workers and capitalists have, they said to give even a little relief for the citizens in the midst of worsening hunger and poverty.

In Manila, it is estimated that up to 30,000 pesos were marched, going to Plaza Miranda, Quiapo, and foot of Mendiola Bridge in Manila.

Elmer "Ka Bong" Liscano, chairman of reaches out, that the workers are more angry with the statements of Aquino to the "leaders who met with the President in the morning of May 1.

"It is noticeable that the workers have the message of (Aquino)," said the leader-worker said that the statements of Aquino are proof that he is defending the interest of the big corporation and even the companies of oil.

Elmer "Ka Bong" Liscano, chairman of Kilusang Mayo Uno (KR Guda), "there was no longer given to the workers," said Liwag.

It has been more than a decades that the proposed wage increase in the-board of the board Wage worth reaches out, but despite the intensity of the crisis and increase of goods, it continues to be dismissed by the Congress and Malacanang.

Aquino directly denied the said proposal for the meaningful wage increase but this should not be taken out from the pocket of Aquino or the capitalists have, "said Bayan Muna Rep. Teddy Casino.

Casino also said that it is not bad if the President is going to give 1.4 pounds, which is expected to be given to the economy, to additional wages that is supposed to be claimed by the workers.

"He will not spend money for the workers in another country.

He will still celebrate the economy because it will be used for the daily expenses of the workers and the education of their children, "said casino.

Former Bayan Muna Representative Edcel Lagman explained that the government almost left his request for additional salary.

"The (Aquino) government will not leave at the pattern of the government's response (to the call for additional wages), while it is possible that the regional-year-law is going to increase, but the amount of additional additional increase," Ocampo explained.

Ocampo also said, the law is given a year for additional wages that is why even every year there will be additional wages, if only a small amount is always given, it is not enough for the workers.

The Contingent is also not pleased with the Lapian ng Masang Pilipino Program (Cimetidine) for sure that the president will be given to 1.4 million employees of the government to keep quiet in the middle of the high value of life.

"There is a small amount of additional per month for the wage increase, if we also consider the huge amount of our salary," said Ferdinand Galite, national President of Calaguas.

According to Gaels, the proposed wage increase for employees will not be new for employees. "That is the last time that was started last 2009," said Gite.

The employees of the government gave the 6,000 pesos to additional wages for monthly salary.

Upon removing the Eve, criticisms against the damages from the Value-Added Tax (Eve), especially the petroleum products, they said that it is giving up to the suffering of the citizens.

"Yes, as now, the price of oil is gradually decreased in the market, but how next day, the industry will be up again because for the next days, the industry is free to set the price of oil." Said Jimboy Salvador, second general secretary of Gabriela.

Aside from the request for the wage increase for the workers, Salvador said that it is an immediate death for the entire oil products because the price of goods may be reduced because it may be reduced to the price of goods.

Meanwhile, an estimated 5,000 poor cities attacked the house of President Aquino in Times Street before he went to Mendiola.

"He joined a huge number of poor people now because of the non-conservation in the program being implemented by Aquino, he is worried that the lack of work and down in poverty of the poor," said Gloria Arellano, general secretary of Kalapati, Batan PNP).

BITAG is blaming the public public service for the community of the poor, like what happened in Silverio Compound in Paranaque last April 21.

Aside from the call of a meaningful additional wage increase, they are also trying to pay attention to the Aquino administration who continues to talk to the foreigner especially in the government of the US before going to Plaza Miranda last May 1.

The agreement that occurred in Washington DC is being discussed between the government of the Philippines and America.

According to the group, the result of the discussion was not fair because the Aquino administration allowed the existing treaty and also the widespread launch of the exercises and staying by the American troops in the country.

Together with the workers and protest of the workers, a mass is being offered by the bishop and a Catholic Church on the first day of May this is a good opportunity to express their gratitude for the workers, "part of the report released by Archbishop Antonio Tagle, DD.

Tagle also said that people are more important than the capital and pipe "the person or the workers are the most important part of a business or production.

The improvement of material and financial parts of the production is also important but it should not be a reason to take advantage of the workers, including the dignity of the workers, including their families and the whole society, "he said.

Tagle is the call of Tagle to give priority and respect every person.

This was delighted by them, who said that the workers will serve as an inspiration to the laborers for their struggle.

"In the time shown by the administration (Aquino administration and capitalists have made the lack of concern for the workers, the statement of Archbishop Tagle is like fresh air for us," said Lito Udin, second chairman of us.
