
Corruption is behind the lies of 503rd Brigade and PNP-Cordillera.

Diego Wademia.
NPA-Abra, Agustin Begura.
7th of February, 2013.

Corruption and lying are in the back of the violent statement of 503rd Brigade of the Philippine Army, and the PNP-Cordillera related to some events recently in Abra, related to the NPA.

First is the alleged attack of Connie Santiago Valera, 29 years old, of Poblacion Lacub that is why there are an ordinary citizens of the CPP-NPA-NDF), which is why there is a high leader of the CPP-NPA-NDF) that could not be arrested even if there are high-ranking officials of the CPP-NPA-NDF.
Second is the alleged four-4-NPA who were killed in an encounter between the forces of 41st IB and the NPA, no more than 2 soldiers of 41st IB, or even if it was not less than 2 soldiers of 41st Infantry Battalion who were rushed to the hospital after the said fight.
But the bigger issue after this fight is the illegal arrest and holdup of 4 filipino masses from Kayaga, Lagrao, and the NPA, and the NPA, and the NPA, and the NPA, were not able to find out of those who were killed by the AFP and PNP), and they were not able to tell the NPA who were killed by the AFP and PNP.

In addition to this, before the fight, the soldiers of 41st IB, Mayor mar Alcantara, a young man from Kayaga, Lagrao, Abra, who were suspected to be the supporters of the NPA, Mayor mar Alcantara.

Again, the officials of the AFP, as well as the 4 NPA rebels who were killed in the fight, the very beautiful report submitted to their promotion and a lot of money that comes to their retirement, while it is more likely that they are the one responsible for the disappearance of 4 people from many people.

The institution of PNP and AFP, the officials of the PNP and AFP, are corrupt and liar for more, they are not fighting for the interest of the people, but the interest of some who have heard the type and foreign contacts.

This is the reason why the Oplan Galugad continues to prevail and being pushed through a democratic revolution.
