Almost four decades have passed, who is not only from Pampanga even by those who are from Pampanga and even the residents of the family, you borrowed that you have mentioned to you, "do you think of you in the number of people.
Yes, she said.
Because it is a pig that I do not know how to curse.
"It is said that you do not look at what you are cut at, and to teach me just a few moments just to learn from the coming out of bacteria on the path that you know," said, "I knew," I knew, "I said," I said, "I said," I said, "I said," I said, "I said.
I do not want, "I said.
Even if my children are still young now, I still do not want me to text me, I cannot move yes to my mother's way of doing something like that.
Alright.
It is because I told him that there are other diseases that are really different, and for those different ways, she is not able to enter the school that is why she was not able to go to school that is why she was not able to go to school that is why I was not able to go to school that is why I did not go to school that is why it was old when I went to the school.
Because he is near, he / she is crazy.
It is easier to know what we are used to here.
You would be better if we are very beautiful; we will lose hope for the meantime, because you will not be gone, there will be someone who will bring me an egg-egg that I can use to love their illness.
Lira!
Magallanes!
After you gave an egg that was immediately brought by an egg, she was immediately brought by the altar for something.
.
You should drink a surprise that is very cold; we are very low.
And then it is asleep when you have a cold on your throat.
Yes, they will just think about it for the meantime.
So that?
It is okay to whom?
It is not right that my head is painful in on the arm of a Sunday Dumalag for people in the house with a grandson, Two Wives and two sons.
I help me, at the wife of Alum and we are in his return to the people who are going to have a difficulty.
"Isn't it that music gives a medicine that does not have any letter from the doctor, isn't it that there are others who are talking about it because they feel pity and there is a lot of being stepped on the feet of the pharmacy you are doing because it's a long time.
As a waste, if you take the other hand, it's as if we are able to catch anything, it's earlier that when we went up, it's as if we didn't get off, it might cause others to just wait if you love him even if you are not going home to math.
When we went back, she was texting that his classmate was texting me because he got sick and used to be used.
I am really the patient, while who is his cellphone here, because she will know where the twins is being prepared for their chicken, which is why he would make a bet of a chicken that is why he will just buy a chicken.
I have two do, that's how he will share with the others that we will still see each other.
He is wrapped in my whole body that will not be paying for food, what else will be used.
Okay.
Being treated like they were treated.
Let's go to those taking her pictures at that point, so he / she takes care of us.
We let it go.
I thought that it was an illness that was why it was my stomach pain.
He just drank wooden pincers.
What should we see?
When we visited the place.
You cannot stop it.
A thorn was not new.
Do you say, right?
You will meet the Holy Week if you are old doctors who are younger.
According to him, he is not waiting for someone to pass by those who are confused which is why they have not able to pay for him, which is why they still need to drink medicine so that they would also have to use medicine so that it can be removed from the remaining parts of the body with bacteria and after that, they will be removed.
Why do you have read that time, there are still those who depend on the people since it is very expensive to be treated in a hospital for the death that our Department can say.
It is free for free but of course, there are a lot of additional expenses such as payment for the doctors to buy the doctors in public hospitals that are the money to buy.
!
In that's why I will not get tired that there are more people like the blind, that is why there is no six payment because it is going crazy on it.
Because according to the government, there are some of our countrymen who are not able to go to work in this kind of law, but most of the patients who are being treated like that, and even if they have been saying that it is one of the patients who are being treated, that's why it's one of those who believe that it is going to be a mental problem, or even if they are on the right place to be a slave, that's why they are going to be the one who is going to be a slave, that's why they are going to be the one who is going to be a slave, that is why they are going to be the one who is going to be a slave, that is why they are the ones who are close to each other.
Close to the illness, especially when I have been alive but we have to go to school; we need to look at the same.
You should even more.
To continue.
