
Caraga Regional Office is the campaign approved by the DOST, Winter International and Pia Wurtzbach.

November 09, 2016 Jennifer P. Guna.

Butuan City, November 9 (Pia) - the campaign to the public towards clean and safe food that can be bought from markets in the region of Caraga has been launched and signed by Department of Science and Technology (DOST) and Philippine Military Information (Pia) Caraga) in the city.

According to DOST regional director Brillante Mendoza, who is also leading the Caraga Regional Trial Court, the said campaign is based on Republic Act 10611 or the Shiro Food Assistance Fund) in the country that strengthen the health of those who strengthen the local food and products.

Carlita was also added, the Shiro Food, Caraga, is a lawyer and education campaign of Caraga Regional Trial Court which is composed of different agencies in the government, along with other workmates in the non-government and civil wedding.

It was also found out that the Food Authority in Caraga, it was said that it was first shown on the two Major-bala scam, it was said that this will give the training of pork barrel, workers and gadgets of the said campaign to improve the shore of the residents in the region and this is through using technology and media.

Pia also ensured that the support he will give is complete and will be used by the agency and all platform that will lead to the public the important information about the campaign.

Winter International chief of party, Dan Gumabao has shared their goal to help the Carine iodine to avoid different diseases caused by the dirty and unproper preparation for food.

Meanwhile, DOST Secretary Fortunato dela Pena was witness to the signing of NU of the said agency, and expressed their real initiative to join the Caraga Food Park.

The Department of Agriculture (DA), Department of Health (DOH), and Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) are also included in the business partners that will help in implementing the campaign.
