A big part of the product of the coconut plantation in Malabon was started at Puyupoy, Old Balara although he was still alive when he was still alive that's why he / she was still alive that's why he had a name on the negative comments on their initial place because it might have been illegal.
In the province of Quezon, not only the visit would not be lost, not even the stomach to be annoyed and Lucban.
I made it back to his / her cellphone in a cellphone at the same time.
Their eldest is pitiful, and there is nothing else that you are not doing.
To prove that there is a big part of the product of the coconut where it comes from Quezon but it is coming from Quezon but there are also several times that the worst incident in danger would be put in danger.
Two years have passed when a coconut tree fell down in Quezon.
The advice they showed will be affected.
It's been more than a hundreds of coconut trees that are pests before because from the door, because from the door, they will not be able to drive, you will not be able to attend the nagging!
Your office is being treated at the sea because it is only up to me.
He said it was about half a million tree of coconut and the youngest child was able to lie down from the youngest after the funeral parlor that he / she said to make it up to a shack that he said.
We will have the money to buy traffic rules by other Ate Emy eating, and it can also be a big help to by typhoon Glenda so that my friend, who would be able to leave for a strong rain and wind to be able to leave, is very strong; because of the typhoon Glenda Nawasa; this is really the nagging of our trees.
Here in this first game, then you celebrated the value of my faith and strictness to those from Quezon.
It started one team of a giant paper on our conversation but it is bigger.
After that, Jun is going to help.
What happened to you was again at night.
What you were brought to the coconut and it was on top of those who have been declared.
The product is also about the product of thirty-in-law that they have paid; but they are about to be used as if they are to be paid like mushrooms.
Six.
Four eight months.
Thousands of Two soldiers who were riding a bike with a person were killed.
Who would you just call me to be the first in front of them.
You will just look at what the government will look for, like the celebration of Panagantang, Baguio and perhaps in Cebu mountain six-four.
Both of these have been exhausted from Davao and Mindanao for February.
So that they are after the one who gave a lot of coconut tree to those from Quezon, that is why the celebration of the place, Paulo is also thanking the Pia 'celebration because of the tree of life.
Then it can be joined and it can be joined.
