
The fake Pacman and the sake of free live.

The whole country celebrated the boxing ring shown for idol Congressman Manny "Pacman" Pacquiao.
What coach Chris Algieri said is a joke that Tim Lane believes it is time to sleep and retire on boxing in our Pambansang Kamao.
Algieri has almost sleep well for six times in the 12 round fight.
Long live you, Pacman.
"Never.
Some people did not open when there was a payment for watching Manny because of the doubt that they will not earn.
Because it is supposedly not good like the first fights that Pacman has shown.
Because before, they are still early to go back to their customers in order to watch because Manny uses his enemies.
Along with this, the viewers of their products to eat, drink and finished the fight, since the fight is still there, which was said to be a sign of lack of lack of "Ipit Gang" in his fight.
No.
With the news coming from us, there are already many places that the former live in the movie of Pacman became the greedy. "
"Is it that in the big municipalities and cities, there might be two or three places that are free theaters for the citizens.
The captain, barangay watchman, barangay watchman and families of them are the first in the list to watch as long as they still have position and even standing up.
"It turns out that there is no one to be elected as a politician but there is no Priority Development Assistance Fund and there is no Priority Development Assistance Fund scam, there is a big payment at around 100,000 pesos in the area.
The PDAF and DAP are all parts of the tax of the citizens for free watching, politicians are being questioned by the citizens in their own cooking oil.
Politicians are not spending their own money for the happiness of the citizens and their commission or DAP coming from PDAF and DAP coming from the PDAF and DAP coming from the PDAF and DAP.

Already beaten.
In some areas in Bulacan, Nueva Ecija and Baguio, because of the lack of politicians to be responsible for the free boxing fight of Pacman, many tricycle drivers who dared to watch a regular show on television will increase.
Ayartists, that they are artists, Pacman, whatever happens.
But there are those who lost interest every time they look at the television between their trip, Manny was closed down?
But even if Manny has already been beaten-off and does not have a fight, it is okay because he has reached the 12-year-old life and a standing standing. Hehehe, "it turns out that Manny just looked like Manny what they saw.
They were also surprised at first why Chinese is the enemy of Manny and not an American, Algieri.
The taste of this is that they are asking those who are derogatory and they can see to Manny and at the height of the fight, they do not know how they can make up if they will be charged.
Excuse us.
With the checks in the fight of a certain Commander that they cannot handle the name, they just made up for watching the fight.
It's because Pacquiao wins as a hint that their artists have not been beaten-off and their enemies are worthless.
It is the child of tofu, the urge of Pacman is still there, he still needs to watch the struggle in the ring of our own Lord of the ring.
Yes, Manny is the Lord of the Lord of our country, not "the Harry Potol.
Where is he Mayweather?
It is the child of Beata, Manny Pacquiao's grandchildren are looking for Floyd Mayweather Jr. Before, just after the fight of Manny, he and Mayweather immediately went in the scene.
But while we will bathe this, Mayweather also does not have any reaction.
It can be recalled that Pacman said that he is just ten o'clock in the fight with Mayweather even at the time that the fight Pacquiao-Algieri has ended.
ABS-NDF-NDF.
The driver of the tricycle said, that they will find out what they are applying for their operators and income for the wife of Pacquiao-Mayweather.
Even if there is no free movie from those who are going to judge as mayor, Ginger, senator and from Malacanang.
