It's just a moment after the problem of ten and up to now, just like in the cage of water and service, even just like a few soldiers, they are suffering from the prison; but they have a motorcycle; we also have a motorcycle; we also have a motorcycle; we still have a motorcycle, or unciation; and Naty; "
"You, who was about to say that," most of our lives, even though many are still alive, when we have no idea, they will go back to the friend.
It has been almost five days in Jessica's situation and it is old that the daily lives of those who are from here are the women's service in the city.
Do this noon because your voice is a big consolation here.
Wall.
This is because it closed until the call center payment for the tire.
It is here for hiring a mother who is not yet taken by her mother in a private hospital so you are gay.
Dumalag, seems to have been complete.
Myself in Subic what is getting money from a A Tt-M, that because the bank is closed, what is the office of the government.
Even those who are looking for an hour will go out and are also affected, according to the store this morning.
It is likely that there will be other people to go to, that they do not buy from the market.
Come that later, we will go to the streets; we will be started.
Because there is already there.
We are cheap.
We are gambling, whatever we use, that is why we do not die from hunger because no one can eat it because it is said that it is the morning.
Those in Taiwan do not have anything.
Change in the afternoon.
Have a cousin.
We are looking for it.
No one was cut off, whose legs are cut off, because they suddenly are scattered.
News will be received.
Are we a strategy for you to increase.
This man was used by the frying pan while on the end.
Just like that, the situation in prayer is what we are afraid of.
Because of this.
.
In the gun.
I am here to Less because I hear that those who are true to the nearby people will be able to buy.
Got killed.
Yes, how can it reach here?
Hide.
Invest in place.
The soldiers are still missing of pain but despite the hard eldest, nobody can say anything that they showed.
What do they want to feel like me?
There are also holes that might come out.
It is fine that fifty-years old and there are soldiers who might get the old because you still want it to be old because you do not even think that it is okay if four people are okay.
As long, we have a huge culture; we can see each other; I can see even if I am in a point; we are always joking; okay, what is always that kind of uniform yes.
Yes, we have more in the hospital.
Our school is very low; we are full-tempered; "
Let us not wait for those who have seen the UV Expresses in the old, which is why the state of August.
Jessica will still open the new day of Pag-asa and everyone is hoping that the case will be measured and there is a way it can return to normal the situation of life maybe she is not interested in the hospital who needed to watch.
Mother is the only ones who have been able to collect it, most of the people in the house, but, of, of, who is known to be in the hospital; we are to be in the middle of those in different places there in the hospital, why is it natural why your story is different.
Jessica said that those who are going to go to the hospital are going to go to the hospital because they have to be brought to a private hospital so that she will be transferred to a private hospital in order to learn that she will be transferred to a private hospital in order to learn that she will be transferred to a private hospital, and there is still other hospitals that can be taken by the patients and those who were wounded here in crisis.
Jessica has also one that is not far from us, who's not far from us, who are in a hospital in the hospital, that's why they were brought to a hospital in a hospital that's why he was brought to the hospital where he was brought to the hospital that's why he was even brought to a position in the hospital that's why he was not used.
To the patients, you will be brought here to the patients by Jessica, okay.
Because it is almost all over the entire city that we have been paying, Ibbarbells; we saw that we have no money to buy people especially that we have no money to buy people especially that they have no money to buy people especially that they are able to buy-uppers right here in crisis.
That's why, of course, of course, I am at fault; we don't know that when the store vendors do not have income, they don't have money to buy food that we have talked to, one of those who have talked to some of those who have talked to each other.
It has been four days that they are different there in the suffering of people who were able to build a hardware.
It's a good thing that we have passed through it, maybe you are still tired of what kind of suffering are, which will result to it especially in Jessica Zamboanga because it can endure one of you who has a big problem.
Percent of the sardines is coming from Zamboanga which might be active when wooden pincers.
Airport is closed so there's a little bit that there have been seven in the economy of Zamboanga and we should think that he / she was full-tempered; he / she was able to go near Better "that's why we were able to step down, which was when she was hanging on his head, which was the flawless; the frying pan.
Thank you very much to you.
