Is it true that in the province, it can be noticed that the hoardians of the province can reach.
They are able to pay attention to the troops of the government.
We were still able to go well to the height so that the troops have a distance from there.
In the other hand, that is what we pass through, that's why it's always like that, where the bridge was stolen or not like that.
When we were here in summer, we are now in-time when we won the U Vs, it reached out to the total of nine people who were killed when we were asked to tell the board of the police against the stupid military against those who were sentenced to a group, which is common to the people.
I was told to eat five ways with three soldiers including one official and one another.
You are also a soldier who is also injured in the back because it is possible that ah, you are still very happy in the band that's why we still have no assurance that there are still no assurance that there are still no certainty if there are really some who are going to attack here.
What's the news on where the residents in Inabanga, might be a soldier even if he was a soldier; he / she was wearing a man with no man in the place.
Last night, some of the residents in the authorities reported that the soldier is a big respect for the soldiers, that's why we already have stories.
Did the target group Abucited that the opponent of IOS in Bohol made to answer, the enemies of DRuth in Bohol.
Residents to evacuate immediately.
Her lie down.
Can they read a lot of help from those who do not have help from the police about what you want about Palawan.
The couple just said that there was someone who said that he was able to resign.
Do that, it is possible to come from where it came from, he is being crushed.
And after this in Inabanga, a lot of children's spending is also huge.
Bohol conducted in the province of Bohol, and there are times that tourists are planning to go up in the place where tourists go to the area of Alabang where it will be held for four Indonesians, which is the distance from the religion of Bohol.
You are five in there, corner of the morning.
Meanwhile, it has been added to the U Vs in order for them to be given to school.
"We were able to look down; he / she was distressed as if it was just a game when I found out that there was a voice that her blood was filled with blood when we went there in the province.
Before entering into one, you want the interview to Sipocot the plan of the new leader.
But it is a big help if they will tell it's burning, that's why they went ahead of the couple's debut party.
You!
Two four consecutive documents are happening.
Information Technology.
Wake up to four pesos.
What I said is very beautiful.
It was said that there was only noon when the residents were asked about it, like what are your things around the river that was why when it was given to the river that was when they saw that Alma was able to see them.
On the other hand, the authorities are getting mad; there are many authorities who are going to celebrate Christmas, which is why three of them were about to conduct the record of our place here and they even got anything that is impossible to be.
It is the most powerful military, Fuentes and other parts of the afternoon, especially the famous tourist tourist near the billiards place and in the island.
Was the appearance of Mike many!
