It was for a specialist.

Ammunition).
A few months have passed when I saw a student of UP who committed suicide by a student of UP who committed suicide, because I am also a parent and I feel what the children's parents are feeling, "that's the time when it's time."
It is painful for a parent to be criticized as if they do not have any action to get a pillow from their parents, I am sure that they have done something, "that's why they are sure that they have done something," they are not lucky to achieve what they want to give to their child.
If the government should be responsible for the youth to be given the right budget for education, they do not have to commit suicide or stop going to school just because they cannot be able to pay for his needs as a couple.
I believe that there are no parents who do not do everything to do just for the needs of their children, I do not care even if I am not a perfect person, but I tried to stop me for the future, but the important thing is that I am clean.
Not all the suspects are suspected and not all the suspects are true, and I am ready to have a hard work for the school because she was not able to make it anymore because she was not able to make it anymore and he finally could kill his own life.
We hope that we have learned from what happened, "we do not know where the tone or weakness of our children until they do not experience a severe problem in life, if they do not have to do anything more than what they have done and accused that they are irresponsible parents.
He took four years from the course he took and nine months from now, my daughter of coloreheals, because I need to persevere and have dedication at her as a parent, that is why I need to persevere and even writing to me to earn money in order to earn money.
I am doing this because I am a mother who has a simple dream for her children - when I see them have a good life, and I can't forget that their parents are not responsible in giving them proper education.
If the government should be the same as one responsible and good parents for French protest like UP, this is a big help to the people like robots, and many of the youth.
