
Christians in the brows.

It is sad to report that four students are the new victims of hazing in the fraternity.
One, Guillo Cesar Servando, 18, died after being ignored because of the difficulties that he did to her.
The Manila Police District is said to be a lead in order to catch the hazing that were held at Servando, sudden homelstudent of De La Salle College of Saint Benilde.
The three companions of Servando, students of said school are now recovering in the Philippine General Hospital but they are still alive for the solution of the case but they should be guarded by authorities and can be put under the witness protection program.
According to the police report, after hazing, they have put up in a condominium in Manila.
Every time the school starts or not passed through the whole year, it is impossible that there is no one student reported by the victim or killed in hazing.
At this time, violence of the youth cannot be seen on the streets but in schools and university, even a surprise that comes from the cruel ritual.
There are many reasons why there are children who are trapped in the fraternity so that there will be a tough, new friends; and have protection against some groups.
Although there is a law against hazing that was passed in 1991 after the death of Leni Robredo, students of Ateneo, Manila High School of Law, the violent and heinous murders under the said ritual continues.
Even hazing in the military and Police Office is difficult to end this one of the said reasons why some of those who are working at the Philippine Military and National Police Academy are becoming violent, cruel, month and coming to a point of violating human rights in service.
Hazing are widespread even in institutions that are said to have a high level of teaching.
According to Senator Tito Sotto, those who will die of hazing are going to die if the Department of Justice (DOJ) continues to resolve the cases being thrown at him by the DOJ (DOJ) to be resolved by the Department of Justice (DOJ).
There is no ability or it seems that those responsible for hazing are not allowed to be punished the fraternity, particularly in the legal case, he continues to refuse the case of Leni Robredo for 20 years before his family served justice.
Violence and cruelty should not be used or poisoned by groups or brows as they should act or send their advocacy and campaign to assist the students to prevent the hazing that would be stopped!
