Attack the Senate.

The "gate of Navotas Representative Toby Tiangco, United Nationalist Alliance interim President (UNA) and Atty. JV Bautista, UNA interim secretary general, while in the midst of the Blue Ribbon" sub-committee, hearing the Senate hearing, has a huge effect.
First, because one of them made it as Representative Tiangco is also a lawmaker.
It means, he knows that even in the rules of the Congress in Congress, the kind of tasks will not be taken.
But because he is desperate to focus on the declaration of the riches, Vice President Jojo Binay couldn't explain to destroy the topic of boils or good manners.
Only him to be able to defend Noguera and King-mother!
Most of all, make sure that Binay will be invited to the said hearing to explain his side.
But their camp chose that he will not be carried away even if he is accused and his allies are not convinced what they let in the Senate!
"It's as if their message is like this, they are just taking away the character of our boss because of her" piggery "in Batangas," we still don't disrespect your hearing!
The fight is really a piggery!
It's good that Senator Drilon is not there!
Question to VP Binay: Why do you not really want to attend the Senate investigation?
What is your fear, the truth that might explode in your face if you will attend?
Suggestions to Binay: Why did you not show up on the Senate to let the documents brought by Representative Tiangco?
My request to Noguavas well, if you do not really want to attend the Senate, do not disrespect or let them get away from your followers.
So that the people will not notice too much that you are really afraid of the possible truth that will happen while the case is growing, I mean, the Senate investigation.
So if you will not save your face, we should just save the dignity of your followers like Tiangco.
Which is in desire to save you are starting to look like the number of people elected in the hearing of the Congress!
Mister Binay is already being affected because of the possibility that you can do it!
Hopefully you should not involve them with your destruction!
