On Sunday, Labo is still in a Sunday, but the question is this is what our siblings know about it, "it was Jack.
Let's take a hold of it now that we will drink it now, it is just this near EDSA and vehicle so that it is as if we know that we are going to fight against our siblings, and who are they going to fight against her sister, Manny Pacquiao.
We are a few of our opponents including four Manny Pacquiao yes.
It's because I have been cut off and when will Manny Pacquiao fight, I do not know.
I do not know that Manny Pacquiao failed to know that I do not know who is the fight with Senator Manny Pacquiao yes, which is open because there are Two people who have been victimized.
A week, who are your opponents, sir, Gus Abelgas.
Okay.
Turns out in Australia which is the only name of the woman.
Why not public funds?
Mardel, Tuesday.
Grandfather.
Buy you.
Just like that.
Here in Fairview in Fairview, there are some of your opponents' in Manny Pacquiao?
To his birthday and birthday in his Kalupaan, which is how I text that you have a text message to me, I don't know that you are proud of you, sir, it's good that the quarrel will be okay.
I am still in grade 4 for a few and who are the enemies of Senator Manny Pacquiao, J Leila de Lima, this November six-year-old men because of that older brother, I was able to deny.
If it's all boss.
Why is it that when that is the latest one, that is not here in the terminal.
Aggressive in the morning.
According to him, it is as if you are getting along with other challenges in any challenge, "we might talk to forgotten the telephone; we might be the one who will leave the telephone and Venice principal for a good noon.
That is better.
That is it.
It is okay why it seems like some of the things that I am going to love is not a sudden, but for the past there is a fight, which is why it really seems like a bit of the internet, the interest is low and complete.
Maybe I am the one to be with.
Covetous, fur.
What kind of idea is that he / she didn't have anything from crying; he / she also didn't see anything from crying; he / she said that he / she didn't have faults.
He / she was full-tempered; he / she was feasts; what is green-tempered; that's why the time we need is not what we need.
I know.
Four M16 rifles.
I am against a man, that means.
Tito.
Raul and his former travel, Manny Pacquiao, maybe it's okay to have a name, but it's okay for them to be a little enemy, maybe it's okay for me to go ahead, but why is it that it's not good to enter, that is why when we talk about it, it is not like that, which is why you have been together for a long time.
Yes, it is not in-control of the principal which we have seen in the training of Pacquiao for so long and I have seen that we have seen each other with a car that we have talked to when we have talked to what we have talked to, what we have talked to are those who are trusted that are why we are proud of us.
Yes to me yes, I do not know who, but I told me that you really love my nose, but when I thought that he was talking with my nose, he / she thought that we were talking to each other, but when I thought that it was the first day, he also did not like that.
Yes, they will eat all kinds of seeds; Gulanggani; Dashmm, RTEL-M for how much compared to yes, Tutok-budol Gang, good thing to go ahead, very small; and very small; we are not having a text message.
Here, we look at each other; but it seems that that is why it would be that it would be that it would be that why we are going to enter my opponent, okay with all of you, you will be the one to give them fear to prepare for it.
There is a high school loss; we can only say that this is the only thing that we can say about it, at the Wagerness, what we can do is that we are serious here if ever there is a heavy problem, and in case we will win.
That is there.
Yes, at the truth, that is really true, that is why Manny is here when it comes to me.
Yes, we are very pitiful; we should share your husband, right?
Ah, do you know if Danny is a lot of percent in the eighty four pesos.
Yes, I can see Manny Pacquiao payment if Vincent Peale.
We are proud; as long as if there is an amount that will reach the school Camping, if I have something to do, I think you will come from Jas well, whose name will come from me, whose name will come from me, which might happen to us, which might happen that we might not be one thousand pesos.
Manny Pacquiao, whether the decision of Manny Pacquiao is true, why Pia is there, I am here, I am here.
