"He wants, that we are still happy and in his mind, she would be happy that she would recover," Director Carlo J By, RRL. 19, 2017.
Last night, the wake of producers and Golden Lion Films that Donna Villa was opened.
I went to Mancruz, Solis, and went to yesterday afternoon at the Cosmopolitan Memorial Chapels in Araneta Avenue, Quezon City.
The chapel was just being prepared before, Tita Donna, at her coffin, Director Carlo J. Caparas, together with her children.
They are preparing the mass before he was cremated two months before he was cremated before the wake was opened.
There was a mass first which was attended by the family and close friends.
Director Carlo J-cancer of the uterus was clarified by her husband's death.
"I have not yet taken care of me that Donna is gone," says Director Carlo J.
"You know," that is how much he is brave, I cannot remember that there is a "thing," he said.
Director Carlo J explained what happened when he was diagnosed with cancer in the uterus of Tita Donna.
It was too late when they found out that this was already severe, when she was already scanning down, there was a big contribution in the uterus of Tita Donna.
This spread and they do not know if it was prevented.
Director Carlo J does not know what to do when they talked to the doctor.
Because Direk Carlo wants to act and remove him, but the doctor told him that it is just an operation if it is possible.
"I fell down there," the doctor said, if I can't know how to tell him, "said the chist and director.
The couple was able to talk about it and Tita Donna asked for a strict favor not to know even those close friends.
That's why those from showbiz were surprised when she found out that he died from a Cancer.
The fast flow of events in the past month in the hospital was only last month, more than a month, this is what happened to him.
Since aunt Donna went to the hospital, Director Carlo J.
Even in FAMAS Debate, Tita Donna was forcing her to attend but she cannot leave her husband who is in the situation.
"He wants to remove the pipe from his mouth, so that he will go to the same.
"He added to me, if I am in the hospital, he will leave me just to accept the award.
"But I really do not want, to accompany her with her but she is still thinking about it.
"In his mind, he can take it!
That's why it's hard for him to accept what happened to them.
He still does not know what to do that Tita Donna has no partner in everything she is doing.
"Last night, when I come home, I still see him / her when I was beside the 29 years of all our dreams.
"We are living together for almost 29 years and he is the only one beside me and for all we do, I am just following him."
She needs to be moved out because if he will give up, he knows that his children will also give up.
Until the arrival of Tita Donna and her left to them was open to put her ashes away from her parents, that's why they will bring it to Cebu.
Director Carlo J is finishing the movie venom on drugs and he has not thought of how he will finish this without her husband who is with him in all times.
We sympathize with Director Carlo and everything that Donna Villa left.
