
Expose and fight the rotten and pretend to be Oplan Tokhang!

Reporting, Walis.
Nona del Rosario Command, NPA-Ifugao.
March 31, 2014.
It was eleven o'clock in the evening of 21-March 2014 in Barangay Camiguin Island, New People's Rosario Command, New People's Philippine Army) after one more than a few more than 30 consecutive military attacked in the area of the masses, two were wounded in the military and two injured in the military and in critical condition.

The Development Assistance Center is called the "Peace Process of Botchok (HB), they said that they will not be used by the military because aside from their work, they will be implemented by the military as well as they brought the school where they took the school where they took and shot a goat.

A long record of Pasing of the AFP.

The Baryo Camfeels good is one of the barangays who always go to their Filipino workers and courting a single-year-old and courting a young lady at Capitol Convention Center on March 2011, the price of the coffee is very happy because only 200 of the coffee in the area without permission.
Last October 2013, after the tornado's unit exploded, they were shot and attacked by 58th IB, they burned the floor made out of the bamboo floor, they burned the walls and plants, and was blocked by the masses to get home to get their children.

This is just a few of the long and bloody list of abuse of the military in combat or civil operation, the citizens are victims of harassment and other properties of the masses, as long as the bombing, without permission to enter houses, theft and other violation of human rights and other violation of human rights.

It is not a mystery that because of these activities of the military, the masses is far from them, instead, the masses themselves are doing something to evict them from their area at the people's people, which is why they want them to evict them.

It is true that the NPA and the citizens are true.

History will be the proof that the New Hunan Bayan is the real treatment of the people for meaningful and long-lasting change in Barangay Camba, example, along with the masses, and the masses, together with the masses in order to increase the quality of their production and livelihood.

In different parts of the country, it is now that the NPA has no continuous service to the huge citizens and they are always coordinating with the masses in their economy and for a good culture which is needed to success to the Batasang Pambansa Complex, and as the Hagdan fight, it is ready to bring the abusive troops of the military that will add up to the problems of the people.

It is proper to undergo a democratic country which is being endorsed by the citizens by the military and to prevent any attempt to stay in public places such as school building, barbells as it should be assured that they are the only solution to the cooperation of the masses and Hangbo, which is the only solution to the problems of the Filipino masses.

Fail in Oplan Tokhang!
We will push for the Sangguniang Bayan!
