You might be able to buy there, if we are not sure of the soldiers that they are not sure in the celebration of their one way and what will be her eight years now.
Here with the recognition made by the awards, one of our conversation is one of our conversation to you to watch over his story, we should know the piles of eight.
It is the fight of Amanything that you should answer to all the soldiers who's going to finish their lives in order to protect the civil elements with bad elements.
It was only fixed that the sermon aims to show to each soldier because the officials have someone to talk to it and even their competition in the country.
Maybe the public might not see him.
In the act of Ammie, it reached a road and two twenty three were killed.
Okay, four others were wounded by two motorcycles.
While in the past two months of six-years, he has five officials who were killed and five were killed and almost two hundreds were recorded injured due to their work.
For him, this is just the investigation that their job is not a joke because their lives are standing so that they will defend the payment.
One of these is and we will be open to school; we are going to be low; the heroism of every soldier was given by each soldiers, not in the debate, even with the bag responsible for any disaster.
Taking advantage.
Taking advantage.
Because the treatment of the last March is that we are cooking breakfast for one of those who have been paid for an award by Mateo, he was also made by Windyhill, which was given to four pesos at the conference that he / she was able to sleep with Orly.
They were the first to be able to enter your mom on how it would be good that on January to five, he admitted that they were fast asleep when entering the place.
It is said to dry it the first time that the place is there and their tomfoolery and food in their tomfoolery and food in their tomfoolery and food, they have not heard any official whatever their mission was because they are cut off and their target was cut off.
Mateo added that the entire Fist has reached almost half a day from his cousin in how the eight corpses were clear.
Sixteen were wounded and the confiscations of Two Pers who did not have anything to know about us, Grace, are hungry; and very hungry; we can't identify them.
I was able to find anything that you were saying, I thought it was cut off here.
I was able to finish me at night.
I really will say it.
The water that they are asking for is water.
"There were others who were also here just to turn the biscuit near the window; and fur.
The troops that I carry are an accident.
In fact, there is someone who told us that they have their target.
The things you will buy will push through.
We are almost all kinds of dibo and we are owner.
Fuck, deport, covetousness and we are very weak.
Outside we are whispering about.
For sure, I call them up.
You said, this is for me not to resign.
Here, Manny said there is only one truth to one that you are listening to, that it seems that his female cousin has nothing to do with.
In spite of this, they are not doing anything, because it became successful after the condo.
Yes, "on Fridays, they have received an award; this is the third for the highest recognition given by the picture of the Land or May of the soldiers.
Aside from Mateo, it was just followed by the nose official of Orly that the power of his personal local government and supporters will be given to the public so that they would suddenly know that she is the bag of heroism for the television of the house.
