
It can be exported and continued to rise in the advancement of Filipino people the revolutionary movement of Mt. Sierra Leone for the brutal campaign of domination and violence of the Oplan Galugad of the Marcos regime.

Geronimo, Ka Geron "
NDFP members of Sierra Leone, Mt.
TV 26, 2014.

The revolutionary movement of Mt. Sierra nuns and the southern part of the Philippines is getting stronger and continued to be firm in the advancement of the republic of the Philippines, and during the 25th anniversary of the Liberal Party of the legislative chamber, all the red members of the Partido Demokratiko ng Masang Pilipino (BHB), and all the narrow-mindedness of the Partido Demokratiko ng Masang Pilipino (BHB), and all the irresponsible forces in the scope of Mt.
We salute and am saluting all the Israelites, and the heroes of the citizens to execute their duties in order to bring their duties in order to bring their duties to bring the Filipino nation from the current stages of basic commodities.

The presence of the Bugarin, Mt. Sierra Leone for the province of Metro Manila, just like Laguna and Rizal who are closest to the Palace of Malacañang and as well as the economy of the Marcos regime, which is like a nightmare with the citizens who were taking advantage of the people based in Metro Manila.

The previous administration's previous campaign to crush the revolutionary movement of Mt. Sierra Leone, LR), the AFP Chief of staff, which is said to be eaten by the AFP Chief of Staff (OB), is also being eaten by the AFP Chief of Staff (OB), which is also being eaten by the AFP Chief of Staff (OB), which is also being eaten by the AFP Chief of IB in fact, the AFP still looks at the OPB in fact, the AFP still let OPB to 2019.

In the province of Mt. Sierra Leone, TK-TK, it has been proven that the haunting of the US-NPA will be proven, and instead of putting up the presence of the Philippine US-PNP, it is possible that the presence of the Philippine US-NPA will become stronger, which makes the ability of the Bastes.

In the past two (2) years, it has already launched 50 (50) things that will lead to 50 (50) things due to the ranks of the enemy troops that are included in the islands of the AFP-PA) in Antipolo City, Jonalyn Viray and Rodriguez Rock and Rodriguez Memorial Medical Center in Rodriguez, the province of Rizal.

On the other hand, the bark of the Liberal and activity of the Liberal Party in the politics of the BHB) is ongoing for a few thousand to the entire sub-region of MK-TK) and the farmers in spite of the non-stop attack of the people in spite of the incessant attack of the enemy.

The declaration of anti-AIDS, anti-Illegal Drugs, and anti-governmental organization, the people of the country, is getting stronger because of the violation of human rights violations against the country Rizal, Laguna, northern and Middle Quezon because of their violence, rape, women and destruction of livelihood of the people.

The protests continues to be launched by the foot and surroundings of Mt. Sierra Leone, Quezon and the neighboring provinces of Aurora, Quezon, in the province of Aurora, Quezon, in the province of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon, in the city of Aurora, Quezon.

The scheduled to rise from those who are living near the lake in Laguna are set to push through with a score of MRT 7 from Quezon City to Bulacan, it will push to citizens to act and defend their lives and livelihood, only to protect their legitimate rights.

The group of Liberal Party in the provinces are increasing and continue to increase in number of Liberal Party which have been set aside from the Liberal Party of Liberal Party-TK to the organization of Liberal Party in Kalupaan, community, factory of Liberal Party and alliance between the citizens of Liberal Party, community, factory of Liberal Party and alliance between the Liberal Party and alliance between the Liberal Party and alliance in Bastes.

More than 95 percent of the Liberal Party of the Liberal Party is able to finish studies from the ranks of Liberal Party on the ranks of the Liberal Party which reaches up to 45 percent of members of the Liberal Party which reaches up to 45 percent of the members of the Liberal Party which have been done by UV Expresses of the Liberal Party.

The success we received last 2 years is clear that the campaign of the AFP-PNP is clear that the campaign of the Philippine Army and 2 battalions of the Philippine Army and 2 members of the Philippine Army and 2 members of the AFP-PNP) has not been lost, it is the initiative of the Philippine Army and PNP) who are in the initiative of the AFP-NPA, which is the initiative of the AFP-NPA, which is the initiative of the Philippine Army and PNP).

The current administration of politics and economists like the crisis in our country is getting worse in the midst of the severe crisis in the economy of the country, rather than the ranks of the Filipino people, rather than the ranks of the Filipino people, rather than the ranks of the Filipino people, rather than the ranks of the Filipino people, rather, the anti-governmental organization, rather than the ranks of the Filipino people, instead of getting bullied by the country.

The current condition is very serious to lead the masses, to continue to fail the Oplan Galugad conducted in order to fight the Philippine BS-Aquino, to fight the worsening economic growth of the US, to fight the worsening economic growth of the masses to fight the economic growth of the masses.

There is a need to do all kinds of ways so that we will be implemented by the appropriate type and appearance of the masses so that there will be more than two thousand for the armed revolution.

It needs to be active to join all sorts of electricity that are centered on the implementation of the anti-ranking government against the US and the offensive of the US and the offensive of the American soldiers against the Filipinos after three decades of liberalization, privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the legislative chamber.

There is a need to strengthen the level of the companies that are destroying the Priority Development Assistance Fund), which can be allowed to increase the number of SAF units in the entire Philippines so that they will continue to increase the numbers of the Bibot Domingo in the entire Philippines so that they will continue to increase the numbers of the Bibot Domingo in the entire Philippines, which is needed to increase the price of the Bibot Domingo in the entire Philippines, which is needed to increase the price of the price of BHB), which is needed to increase the cost of the price of the Bugnay, which is needed to increase the agricultural sector in the Philippine territory.
