
Passing by the disputed life of Tiamzon is enough, which led to a democratic solution!

Lucille Ginger Conejero.

National Capital Region youth!

March 28, 2014.

The youth Rebolusyunaryong Alyansang Makabayan, Brigadversary, Brigadversary, the government of the US-Aquino, was busy with the leaders of the Liberal Party of the Philippines who were beheaded by the Liberal Party of the Philippines who failed to weaken and crush the revolutionary movement in the capture of the two leaders of the communists.

When we called the peace talks, they themselves share the door to discuss the appropriate and long-lasting peace in the country, which is why the process is ongoing and they prioritize the Comprehensive Final Agreement on Socio Economic Cooperation which is being rushed by the Philippine Democratic Front of the Philippines.

The country government of the US-Aquino is going backwards for the endorsement of the highest leader of the revolutionary movement and learned from the highest statement of Ka Wilma Austria while I am trying to greet the 120th anniversary of the Bagong Hala Bayan, which is growing to be defeated by the AFP! "

The government of the US-Aquino introduced the Filipino youth for example of a simple lifestyle and full fight for the interest of the people, and they are not convicted by the youth in the character of the people, and are not convicted by taking advantage of the interest and concern to the people.

With the trust of the people and for the masses, they are able to go through the revolutionary movement in its status now - a strong root of the masses, high on the challenges and continuous decrease of the Liberal Party of the Philippines, which is why the Liberal Party of the Philippines is very good in pushing to the Liberal Party of the Philippines.

It is contrary to the state of the state that the Filipino people will end up or will be put to a stop because of the imprisonment of the couple, he doused in the smelly spirit of the youth and the people, and he further strengthened the principles and resolve of the filipino masses.

The work that is set on our shoulders, especially if we look for it in the coming days is the increase of Filipino soldiers in the middle of the upcoming election for those who want to follow the footsteps of Tiamzon in fields that are ready to accept the landlords.

It is really being bragged about by the youth Alyansang Makabayan to have members like the couple Tiamzon, unemployed, which is why we don't want to protect all the members of Filipino soldiers and will become a member of Filipino masses, as long as of all of taking advantage on the path of Filipino people.

Set the couple Tiamzon!
Youth, serve the people!
Join the New Hala Bayan!
