An umbrella.

Kevin Mark R.
This is my favorite, when I was born, I was able to find out from a GE with my first house in UP.
In fact, this is what I served in my first month in university, that's why even if the Upper Hinaplanon, was made to ashes, we seem to have been taken care of by the muslim men like me, I am not afraid to have many things.
Hardworking, being obedient to the sun, being obedient to other people, as long as he / she is forced to get away from such a piece of clothing, but I still don't want to get up with these kinds of clothing, even if I don't want to be called "flawless, even if it is true.
That is why at my first step, I applied for three points - one thing I didn't want to visit now is because I rarely visit me even if I am busy with me as if I am being busy with even if I am being busy with even if I am being busy with me.
At that same time, I was the first member of the country, because I was encouraged by her style to be far from the education that I grew up in the school which is often called by the school, I also want to be a little bit and will eat a little bit.

Three years have passed, this is where I've read in the height of the student Council elections last February. Like whatever thing in the world, everything has changed.
That is why it is not impossible for you to find out your own covetous and taking advantage of the citizen's scholar, it is also not far for you to be included in the people that will be included in the people that will be included because they have been chosen to be taken care of.
In any path that you will drive at home in the university, my advice is only one of my advice, sibling: To open and be critical to know what is happening, most of the ones who are pretending to be known to know, keep your sharp mind and the real one who is pretending.
UP has a huge loss, and it is possible that you are addicted to its entirety now, but the world is wide outside, where there is no space in modern thinking and dangerous things for real change.

Perhaps at a point that you read this, you are ready to enter and it is very hard to start your life of UP. You cannot blame you if the people of UP will not court you.
Being hot-tempered is the time to make a mistake and learn, that you will not be able to comment and make it right that you will not be together forever, so take it in the next month as one of the new children of Oblender.
And with the arrival of your choosing and decision, you are used to you in the same ranks.
