
The AFP of AFP, will not be taken away by the bomb of the Botchok (Masbate!

Luz del Mar, Public Information Office.
Jose Rapunzel), it is BHB-Masbate.
April 3, 2014.

March 30, 2014 - after the two days of the farmers of some barangays in the towns of Cargument, Placer and Palimpinon, Brgy. Tuburan Municipal Police District-9: 00 in the province of Masbate, the two corpses were wounded and wounded in the side of the street, and other trace of damages from the road.
Before this, there were also a few days that the military troop was removed from the ranks of the military in the ranks of the masses because they did not have a huge damage to the masses for a few days after the end of the masses for a few days after the end of the mass was delayed for some hours and covered with fear.
To cover up their failure, the military was forced to plant lies, they hid the true number of their members who died and wounded, and according to them, two corpses were found sprawled at the provincial hospital in Masbate, who was immediately transferred to the provincial hospital in Masbate, which was immediately transferred to Legaspi City.

It was found out that the Botchok (Jihadist were killed in the explosion of their vehicle when they reported that they were missing and kidnapped.

It seems that the nose of those who are hornets after the incident happened when they built a caliber .38 gun, while they were trying to stop the civilians, which is why they were insisting that the civilians were able to stop them, which is why they were insisting that they are also colleagues of the Botchok (Jumuad.

Forced to enter and searched for no search warrant, some of the trees surrounding the ambushed exploded and spread the things, sold the rice, corn and other food from the places where the evidence will be held.

In the back of the military, the military is taking advantage of their mission to reach the Oplan Galugad conducted under the Oplan LS, aside from the objective to use the violent face of the masses, which is why they continue to use the violent face of the masses, which is why they continue to use the airplane of the Bables as well, which is why they continue to use the airplane of the Bastes.

Those who are Masalio, together with the Filipino people, should be united with the violation of their rights by the people who are oppressed and fighting against it because of the continuous support of the people against the proliferation of human rights and safety of the citizens.
