Wednesday, August 07, 2013.

Truly a real Filipino.

Do not allow your wounds to be replaced by one personality that you are not.

There is grief waiting in life, and there will be no defeat for anyone but it will be better to lose to some of the fight of fighting for your dreams, instead of having no knowledge on what you are fighting for.

So that you will believe your own path, there is no need to prove that the choosing of others are wrong.

There is no matter here in the world that there is no reason for each other that there is no reason for each other to study and further strengthen the people who offered knowledge and have no fear, your loyalty and full trust in self.

If he will follow this criticism when there is no doubt, there will be no doubt that he will experience, but he will never be able to ask him / her fate, but he is free to ask him to see it with the courage of the real Filipino.

The difference of real Filipinos is the common Filipinos.

His present is extraordinary: The real Filipino knows how to wait, because he is waiting for what he is waiting for, because he is waiting for a blessing from love, whatever he wants, he knows that this is all of his life and he is now focusing all his attention.

The common Filipinos have a waste of winning as win or lose, and this is based on the result if he will be the prosecutor or victim, many of them are directly learned to have no hope.

The true Filipino, on the other hand, is just thinking about his actions, especially when he is sent to his goal, which he is trying to give in to himself.
Follow the advice of others, but his own stand.

In real Filipinos, the intention is exposed: Not in a mind, a thing, or one of this is a person who can succeed in his condition even if he frequently goes up and gets stronger to face any challenge that were filed in his way.

He is always in the last fight, this is hardworking with real Filipinos but he was not born to win or fail in order to win or fail in order to protest, and if he offered his bravery in the fight, his intention is open and addicted to himself.

For ordinary Filipinos, their intention is hidden: Always doubting, uncertainty and changing.

Often, instead of not doing anything that you have started, it is always waiting for someone to help with what you have been waiting for, which is always waiting for his worry, and be observant of what others are doing.

Does not care about what's happening: While there are porridge and piece of roof, taking no care even if the eyes and corruption in the country's funds are blind, and deaf to the current level of society, the eyes are blind, and deaf to the countries, sleeping, and trying to sleep on.

Are you among the real Filipinos or ordinary Filipinos?
