The success of the NPA is the success of the NPA.

The national Katipunan ng Magbureaucracy (PKM-TK) is the organization of the National Democratic Front (PKM-TK), will be the organization of the National Democratic Front, the New People's Army (NPA) against the offensive of 762 Infantry Battalion of the Philippine Army (PA) in Catanauan, Quezon.

Eleven 14 soldiers of 7590 were reported to have been killed in a 15 minutes fight this May 31 which was assured by the PCommander Commander Isnilon Hapilon, who will not walk in the park "the armed forces of the Marcos US-Aquino in the province.

In the past for almost a year, the citizens in the province of Quezon were experienced being experienced in the province of Quezon due to an intense competition of eight (8) refilling station of the AFP / PNP and 120,269 people who were already deployed in Catanauan, and 21 other towns of the third and fourth district of Quezon.

Full to boast, are agents of the illegal drug war in the regime, which is said to have allegedly captured the heart and minds of the citizens in the province.
.

Not only the NPA are able to endure the target and widespread brownout in the military and police but, most of the people who are brave and insist on their rights in economists and politics.

The 78th IB (PA) is the primary involved in the violation of human rights in the province, their beating of civilians, illegal drugs and the camp of the elementary school.

Recently, the 78th IB (PA) led the threat and violence of Chinese national workers in Filibusterismo, a plant of Coconut coir and fiber in the town of Catanauan.

Despite this kind of attack from the citizens, the prohibition of the revolutionary movement in the province is ongoing, that a threat and fraud were filed by the armed forces of the state.

Because of this, the thousands of poor farmers in the province continue to receive the success of the decades of launching the revolutionary solution.

The constricted flow of the NPA will become an inspiration to the success of the NPA, and the ability of the NPA to face the force of the AFP, which is the primary instruments in the Lord of the farmers for the land of the farmers for the land that will be completed.

Long live the Bagong Hala Bayan!
Continuing to fight and fail the Oplan Tokhang of the Marcos US-Aquino II!
Push for the revolution solution!
