Domination and fighting to dizziness.

They introduced themselves, soldiers, as officials of the government: Those who were allegedly with the Department of Agriculture in taking a sign of Jesus in Barangay Sining, Guinobatan, Albay.
But the movies they say, according to the sworn statement of the civilians residents in the area, they are saying who are supporting the rebels. "They are saying that whoever is the most poor in the area, they are the ones who supported the rebels, but even the rebel New People's Army (NPA) himself.

"They used it based on the barangay hall," Fernando Palapal, farmer from Barangay Sinawal, July 22, 2011, that happened the next day, the military started to join the poor residents. "
During the time of Fernando, to report to the military, he was not locked up and went to the barangay hall, but it seemed that he was placed under interrogation.
He strongly denied, of course, Fernando., in spite of this, the military forced him to hold a photo with "Ka Pando" like a criminal, he was asked to find a picture of print in a blender, "like a criminal, so his name was clean."
Until this article shown this article, the military still remains in the place of Fernando.
According to the farmers in different places in Kabikolan, widespread and stronger is the destruction of the privatization of their places, the farmers have no other way to express their objection in the presence of the military in the community but protest.
Like a voice.
Last February 25, on the 25th anniversary of the celebration of EDSA, thousands of farmers and members of the militant groups have forgotten about their rights, and they are forcing them to build their rights, and they will force it in front of the threat.
In Guinobatan, Albay, up to 1,500 farmers and militants protested.

Vince Casanas said, they recorded 37 civilians while many of them were killed when President Aquino sat in position in the provinces of Albay, Sorsogon, Camarines Sur and Camarines Norte.
"A lot of us, will not be able to go and then leave their farm and houses because of fear," said Felix Paz, leader of Kilusang Magbubukid ng Pilipinas, Hala, "
Terrible memories.
Aside from the anniversary of the celebration of EDSA - it is expected that the militants will take away from the Marcos dictatorship, although the militants still reminisced the first year anniversary of the massacre, the Mancera, Purok 6, Barangay free, Labo, Camarines Norte.
February 24 when it was shot at the house of the Mancera of the suspected members of the 49th Infantry Battalion of the Philippine Army, who was allegedly chasing the germs of the New People's Army and killed by Benjamin Mancera, as well as the siblings, Richard and Michael.
"Detest those who are still not able to achieve justice (for the families Mancera) because of the culture of Norcia which is surrounding the country, especially in relation to the cases of human rights," said MarDelen, Nator of Karuhatan, Camarines Norte.
Up to the present, Delen said, the citizens of Barangay
"The Commander of this, 2nd Lieutenant Dominic Olvar, is responsible for the illegal realization of the office of Karylle-Camarines Norte and Kilusang Magazole, Philippines last November 22, 2010," Delen said.
Despite this, and with the help of the organizations and citizens who are united for the goal of justice and fighting against the privatization, the wife of Benjamin is decided to be held accountable by the authorities.
Leonila showed one, and the farmers protested including Fernando, who instead of being scared, they will send their rights and justice to take care of their voices, to fight.
