
Right actor Kennedy (My Maguindanao to be a part of 4).

Just a few hours, after the internet being done by the MILF in Tuayan, the lives of the MILF, slowly walked away from the 61st Infantry Batallion.

The Light Rail Transit and the Light Rail Transit and one of them arrived at the side of each other, and I could not forget this because we were carrying a call of a call of this in the middle of the fight where he was being driven by "Sinul."

We were not able to sleep in the whole night, but Lt Ammunition) is busy with the position of our people and even the cross line of ammunitions, it would be embarrassing that we run out of a bullet that's why we will just go out if we see the opponent.

At night, we should only be followed by the key Leaders' and Gunding which is not a trend for eight M16 rifle, which is not a trend for eight M16 rifle, what is common-headed by M59-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-5.

I noticed that outside our hut, the 60@-@ millimeter mortar was busy with Lt Ampunan, who does not like the land, I had a conversation with what he is busy with.

"Sir, careful in walking and with the five of you that I set aside from it earlier, I gathered it out and I now want to be an accident," he explained to me.

That is really the problem because they have a shortcoming, which is why they are in the middle of a vacant lot, they have a failure.

How are Kennedy?

When I was able to talk to all of my personnel, I found out that all their conditions are okay, "the answer when they are talking to each other is okay," the answer when she is talking to a Baryo-shirt and its construction in M1919) was wearing a machine gun.

"There is only one thing that I didn't want to deal with him because he does not want to speak with what he / she said, she was just quiet after taking a case against him and she was just quiet after she had a case against him, which is why she is still in front of his condition, which is why she is the one who has a type of businessman John Fademe?

When it became brighter at around 6: 00am, we ordered the search search for him to determine if there was a hit of them.

I went with him to see the site of IGAB or less than 50 enemies that were connected to our camp because many were left behind in their positions.

They are also cunning because they are also able to keep up with the glament, we already know that they were able to protect them by the actor, however, we know that the 10-millimeter caliber improvised explosive devices in 81,000HE is not allowed to overthrow them.

We have seen a lot of blood that we saw in their route that was prohibited to fire their conversation, and then it was you who was showered with bullets and a miscarriage or a miscarriage.

However, I was able to talk about what happened to my position, I wondered why it went through the cade and beat around the hut in my position.

"Sir, this was saved from you," Mecy Caneda, he is pointing out the branch of the guava tree where it got caught with the Rihanna.

"Thank you!"

I teared up the size of my arm, which seemed to become a huge branch that became the reason why the Rihanna.

I really believe that if you are not going to die, you will not die even if God likes you, maybe even if you are on a sharp bed, you might have already been near the nightmare or heart attack!

So, only one thing is left, I should call Kennedy!

"Sir, Phillip got a glimpse at me," I kept on the head of my tough driver, Jocelyn t-tempered.

I saw, the right hand is near the roof, at the side of reading it.

"Good actor Kennedy!"

I am happy and did not be hit by the Montenero, CGI caused him to return the vehicle in Central Mindanao and it is not that easy to build the vehicle in Central Mindanao.

Because Kennedy is good, he even served me when I was and Calaguas Gaboy was sitting in a hospital in Tacurong, Sultan Kudarat.
