Where do you have started the construction of three receipt saying for more than two thousand pesos only.
For the end he is imprisoned in Indonesia.
Maybe the government has an award in the government.
Ship.
It is only normal to start the construction of the construction who will be held accountable; not yet a problem for the new one who is in jail and he was caught by more than two puppies so it was held by more than two persons under the side of Mother and thank you.
There are times when we came again, brother Adel A Salas.
It's because we should think that we are like a horseshoe.
I was very familiar.
Yes, they let us monitor our backs from behind.
Let us go to each other, all of them, they immediately assured that they will be used in the right term of the government for the income of the fishermen and their families.
Are the Rogelios three thousand pesos in sixty five days if there are also a lot of money from the government that were given to different countries.
If you look at it.
Yes, it's just a few who, because most of how are the government.
Yes, it is up that the Clinic and die is very happy that's why we should give it to June eleven o'clock in their big help to us.
So we can talk.
Do you see a lot of living in the past.
Okay, pay when he is Gracia, but in spite of being a person who can still be called by, Tina Mulong and the government, do not have the right time between Tina Mulong and those who have been removed when they get pregnant.
He is said to be included in a jeep that's in a jeepney that's why he / she might lose interest; we might get away from us, that's why we called us.
This is no joke about what happened now that my family wants.
Yes, they are really helping them now, church, who personally complained to the Pope to help them solve the problem.
They can also remember that, I went to there by a leader who suddenly went to a leader who can be called Industrial Subdivision in the investigation.
There are people who are envious of the Two people.
It will ruin your father.
June.
France is already asking where you will continue to get up in the fourth time of Dolphy in order to help the company of the motorcycle going to the workers who will go with five in the next hearing of the both sides.
