Hopefully the modernization of the Commission and PAF will push through.

I hope that our Philippine Navy will be a real armed group in the next year after the Department of National Defense announced the day of buying two consecutive ships from the institution.
The modern ships, Maestries First Class Saba, has the ability to raise it, which is the ability to build the airplane because of the various weapons he holds, which is the one who called the air-air, and the ones who are calling the air, the ones who are calling the air, the ones who are called to the air, the ones who are calling the air, the ones who are calling them.
It is more intense compared to the Hangton First Class Pennsylvania, which was sold to us by the United States Coast Guard recently.
These ships are the decision of the DTI for their armed forces in 1982 and he will report it to January next year.
Although the second-year-old boat will be a big help in suspending the security in our ocean especially now that our relationship with the People's Republic of China is not good that our armed forces should be strengthened even before.
Our armed forces are funny because our Army is more stronger than the Navy and air force when the value of the last two forces that was mentioned will be easier.
It's because the government has given attention to the insurgency of poverty which makes the greed of "pul-politicians and businessmen.
If back then the path of our government is straight and we should not have insurgency and we have the forces to respect our neighbors.

18 senators who received 1.6 million as Christmas gift from Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile are lucky.
Despite the truth that there are many workers who are not getting paid right away and with no Christmas bonus, here are our lawmakers and those who violate the Christmas gift.
It is not surprising that many of us want to become a senator, because their lives is good compared to our small things that are not going to eat if they will not oppose the bone.

I am wondering why the tricycle are allowed to be allowed in our primary streets like Maharlika Highway.
Aside from this cause of the slow flow of traffic, these are very dangerous for passengers, drivers and flattery.
Aside from being rude to many of the main roads which are slow, many of the motorcycles of the tricycle are against the mother-nature because they were extremely hurt.
This will be added to the smoke of these by factories, decrepit buses and jeepneys that are made into the pollution and heat of the world or global warming, prevail.
It's really here in us that live-in-helpers are living with us who are not written (by the cococode) that everything is being followed by everyone.
