Fullido: A home of the victims.

Filipino Workers "Ayoy Center is the call for the second house which was being ran away by the missing OFW in their town.
This is also known as an island of Kalinga, especially in the part of the Middle East, we have fellow countrymen who are experiencing severe abuse and maltreatment from their employers, especially to our women so they are forced to escape or run.
According to Administrator Carita "May" Taliño Mendoza, the Overseas Filipino Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA), it is said that the government needs to run for budget for services, which can still be a loser if our OFWs would not be a loser if they go to these houses.
Because even if they are not safe from abroad, they are oppressed by their employers, they are not fed and doing different documents for their return to the country, they are preparing to make promises when they return to the Philippines.
Administrator Middzon is just right to treat our OFW "when it came from human rights like FWisconsin because of many information they learned about it because there is a new hope waiting for them.
They were rescued.
The ship had a disagreement with the ship while he was ordered by their captain, but he was the only one who was ordered by their captain because her original documents were sent by Salvador but he was not able to return his original documents such as the seaman's ATM card, passports and some copy of his certification.
After the report of Bantay, meow to POEA Administrator Fr. Freidrick Lu about this complaint, it was immediately released by the resolution that he / she was able to ask Salvador to get the boat that he was able to get back to Salvador, which is why he was able to ask permission from Salvador when he had a contract, and he was won at the illegal case against an elf agency.
She was able to go home!
Mulong was approached to Bantay, meow, his brother Sonia, because of the not good treatment of her employer in Qatar when the Dumpit agency wants to answer, Sonia, and they promised to answer his plane ticket to go home to the Philippines.
Bantay, who is coordinating with the embassy of the Philippines in Qatar called and called the employer of Sonia in Qatar, who gave a ticket to the Philippine embassy in Qatar, who gave a ticket and was able to return home last September 18, 2013.
