
Gun-shooting and legal fight in China.

In the last news, it was not only Surveillance Response and fish ship of China who were seen in Scarborough or Scarborough Shoal.
China has one big boat.
The boat was war.
And there is already a continuation of our BRP Gregorio, del Pilar, who also have disabilities.
This means something.
The two countries are very serious in their territory that the said island is in their territory.
He is a giant.
The Philippines cannot do anything if he war against China because of this, and the Philippines can't do anything if this will be the first to launch a war.
Because, he did not even have an airplane to escape.
There was a in-law but it might not go back to the exhaustion of gasoline in just going to the area, most of them were flying into a coffin because they were just flying out of shots in Vietnam.
Our Navy Navy is one of the ships.
And what is painful, it seems that these are the pain that they run out of diesel or coconut husk, which is why it's being sold or in the sea.
The coast guard in our coast guard so that the boat that can gain weight will become smaller.
These might be first submerged in a small time compared to the role that was placed in a washbasin or pond.
On the other hand, China has an airplane, ships, and other weapons, as well as the weapons of the Americans and Russian.
With the number of their soldiers, they will only pee, because, the Navy and coast guard will be defeated.
We are really no single man with Bro, Bro, until we are just shooting them.
Where is Uncle Sam?
The only hope is the help of Uncle Sam, of the Americans.
They were the ones who sold the ship BRP Gregorio, del Pilar, who was also washed away from strangulation.
They are also the ones who sell us in gnomes.
They were also the ones who were selling out of those coming out of gunshots.
And when we only have a flying airplane plane, it also came from them, Tora-actor, from that airplane.
But those with the Americans have an agreement with us to work together with the Philippines and the United States if a war has been involved with each other.
That is why, the Philippines and soldiers were sent back to Korea, in Vietnam and in Iraq.
Deaf and silent.
Now, boxing is widespread in China and Philippines in Scarborough Shoal.
Despite this, the Americans are deafening.
Maybe, they are deaf and the blind is going to serve the protection of China and the Philippines so they do not have any reaction.
But it seems that, the Philippines can't rely on the Philippines for help during the time of war.
The Americans do not even get carried away immediately by us to help the Chinese.
Now, do you seem to be obvious, Bro?
There is a exercise, now, Balikatan.
But perhaps their target is those who do not agree with what we mentioned now.
The child of tofu, what is that?
There should be no war.
When ever, we do not want the war.
All that should be done in diplomacy should be good and peaceful.
Even if we still have a strong military forces that will cook four to China.
Because if there is a war, funds will be consumed so that our lives will become complicated and there will be many killings.
Our lives will not be normal if we only do all the things that we will do and we also berates this like this.
Take it into the United Nations.
Because we do not want to enter the Philippines, especially that the Scarborough Shoal is asked to come near us and we want the relation to other countries, the government is moving forward.
President Noynoy Aquino is in filing a corresponding case in the United Nations.
Under the United Nations Convention Center on the Law of the Philippines or Ubers, we have the right in Scarborough Shoal to inherit this.
This is due to the jurisdiction of 200 kilos in economic provisions that according to the Ubers.
The Philippines will be charged with the complaint against China so that the international court will be decided on the case.
There is only a problem.
What if China does not want to talk to China?
Is it possible that the appropriate court decides to decide.
UN is in favor of the Philippines?
Because it is hard for the court to decide when the opponent is not allowed to be colonized.
For the criminal case, it is only then that the court decides to decide if the opposing parties showed up.
The problem is if they are not charged so the case has been charged.
Show the government.
For example, the fight is going to be a case against the fight between the Philippines and China and the former will win in the case.
How will the Philippines allow the control and properties in the island after?
That is why we do not have to force the islands on the yard when the Philippines' flag down there.
If this will not be done, continue, Bro, the arrival of the owners of the area and China might not be the next opponent.
Isn't it?
Other complaints or criticisms may just call or call 710-3333.

