It's not only here that we're going to stay here, so that we can go ahead.
What if you will not give me money that I have no rice which is going to have money for six six-six-six-six-six-six-six-years old; we are just having a lot of money, we are going to have a lot of money here that we were left behind here.
What kind of brother, do you stay here beside you?
That is what I heard from you to go away beside you.
It is also raining that, we are very noisy; we were able to walk first; we are not able to get wet because it was soaking wet.
I was feeling pain in my head that's why even though it was okay, Papa entered it as well as the beauty of our game, which was very beautiful, so that we can't look down; he / she was not able to talk to each other.
Hopefully, all of these can be led astray.
It is because it is raining; he / she said that he / she was missing; and what I was saying was missing since we were still playing with his jacket; however, I did not know that I didn't know that I did not know that I did not even see that.
One o'clock.
What do you do in that time, do you go home here?
I am not outside.
You love too much.
Here, there are those who do not cook their viand.
We have not yet went to the market.
What if we did not go to the market, you did not go to the market, you might be the one to buy the viand for you and you have not yet bought any viand; we might still have no idea, you might be the one to buy here, we might buy here.
Even if I just asked permission from me, I will just say goodbye to you, "I will just go through with what we will buy, that is why I don't know that I am the only money, but I don't know.
"What time you will go home there is tomorrow, every time you will go home tomorrow, at dawn, you will go home early morning at around five o'clock in the service, you say yes.
How much of your mommy, you will buy rice just like that.
I do not know that my grandmother is very pitiful; he / she is very proud and what more than ten minutes, Domingo.
Ten!
