
Militants and sincere greeting to Ka Joema in his 25th birthday and 155 years of service.

Alan JAaahhagat.
He dared to take revenge.
Deypalubos, and a CA.
Camp Bagong Diwa.
Bicutan, Taguig City.
8-February.

Disbursement Acceleration Program (militants and sincere greeting to Ka Joema in his 25th birthday and 155 years of service.

I, together with the Philippine Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) in the peace talks, and other prisoners here in Camp Bagong Diwa, and most of all of the militants and heartfelt greetings to with Jose Maria "Joema" Sison in his 25th anniversary this February 8, and most of all his 155 years of service to the people and the revolutionary movement.

In more than five decades now, it is very good for those who have become the pet of those who have become victims of the cunning and economists, as well, political, and extended their education and struggle, not only on the revolutionary force and citizens of the country, but also in the whole world.

His supporters gave a big help for the most progressive and the actual force.

It is also big, in particular, and continued to help me until present.

In the middle of the 1971, because of the dismay of what I discovered from a person who is a part of the management team in the company, I decided not to work with those who are taking the state of the Pambansang Kamao in the company, I decided not to work for those who are taking the state of the national and improvement of the people.

I will resign and received a deep research and social investigation by reading the writings, and in the interview of the citizens to think that my whole self and whole life will be an assurance.

I took an immediate interview in the studies of the sanctity of the Saligang Batas to the community in the Philippines and in the world, including the proposed solution for the household problems, economists, and political leaders.

Some of the consults have made a sign and had a sharp mirror in the situation of the country and the people, and to be known and deep in the gathering of the citizens and society is what Ka Joema, Lent, Mao Zediting, and his political agenda like John Eluvathingal.

I am going to focus on the author of Ka Joema, because I discovered that it is beneficial for the current situation and struggle of the filipino people, while I also give time to the medical exam of Marx, Mao, Mao, Mao, Mao, Mao, Mao, Mao, Mao.

After I attended the different kinds of education, the cycle of the students who have something to complete the country -- that is why I decided to complete the movement in the country -- which is why I decided to complete the movement of the Black Nazarene, because I decided to complete the movement of the Black Nazarene, because I have learned how to allocate time with the Pambansang Kamao in the constitutional process.

It did not last long before I personally know Ka Joema, there are times when we see Ka Joema, to talk about the particular activity that I am doing.

But I was arrested (for the first year of 1974 and was released after three years -- after the Amnesty International was ordered by the Amnesty International against our prisoners, and written and filed the complaints against these kinds of crimes.

Ka Joema was arrested last November 1977) in La Union.

What is more important is, even if the tension in the country is very strict, Ka Joemphysema there is still writing on the peace talks between the country, Ka Juliet, and the most important thing that he has written it from the Kuala Lumpur SEAG), and it is possible that he will bring the peace talks between the country, Ka Juliet, and even if it is possible to bring the peace talks between the country, Ka Juliet, which gave the peace panel when he became the peace panel when he took the peace panel.

The diligence in the campaign can be applied at the whole national under democratic movement, the actual situation and the next advancement and progress can be proven by the critics that will be started by Ka Joema.

After being released from the beheading of the military, along with some other leaders who are leading the political prisoners, we are pointing fingers at the house of Ka Joema in a apartment in La Loma, Quezon City.

In some of our meeting, one of the ones that we meet is the form of the Liberal Party (Special Action Force), the grandchild of Liberal Party and the Priority Development Assistance Fund party-list.

Ka Joema, the chairman of Presinto Dos, however, because of the initial investigation, he needs to leave because of the series of tasks in another country, he needs to leave because of the series of activities in other countries that was elected before Rolando "Ka Lando" OPLAN ia, and he became even in the general Secretary of Kilusang Mayo Uno, and he became even the general of Kilusang Mayo Uno.

The PNB of the entire country quickly declined because he was able to win a few positions in congress and local in the following elections, but since then, he experienced more serious violation of human rights, including the murder of Ka Lando and killing and attempted murder of many other leaders of the PNB, personnel and supporters.

The lives and safety of the other leaders of the PNB, personnel and supporters were put in danger and they are also not safe in order to cover-off and office even if they have to be transferred.

I have no one to choose but to take a secret, which is often given away and taking care of the Filipino workers and farmers.

In the case of Ka Joema, he is obliged to remain a diment in another country, however, he will not leave the ancestries in another country, however, he will not leave the division of the regime, even if he is in another country, he always has a threat to his life and security.

The government is already made the state to be charged with various cases filed against Ka Joema.

In the colleges of the US and the next leaders of the Marcos regime in his country, he placed it and fainted on the list of "harisees" Ka Joema, which is why she is already known to arrest and harassment.

During the last part of August 2007, the US and the et Family of the Marcos regime were able to arrest and let them arrest and let them be imprisoned, he was released after 16 days and will file charges but will file charges but will be charged.

Even during those times in ditures and harassment and harassment, Ka Joema is not shaken with the continuation of his task and practices on the struggle of the people and the deepest sleep of the people and the rich people who will borrow money, but it is still hesitant to progress and progress for a long time.
Aside from the continuous movement of politicians to sweep the straight movement of the country and to the slow movement in the country and to becoming a national organization, the goal is to support the poor masses and the poorest sector in the whole world.

Meanwhile, he is also reminding the needs to strengthen the proliferation of the opposing parties and improve the national movement of the communists.

All of this hard work and work of Ka Joema is proof that the prison and medical services have a proof that the top of the dump site is not enough to make the Israelites like Ka Joema.

His hard work, work hard, work and success are continuing to guide and give inspiration to our prisoners with treacherous and the filipino masses, especially towards the revolutionary movement outside the prison.
