Do you know that in a point, they are very busy that's why it's as if it's as if I am just like I am inside a different kind and very hot place.
That is why there is a lot of gossipers.
There are really many who love gossip.
Even if you just go on each other, you are just working as if there is a lot of eyes looking at me as if I don't know what at the night that I built, I am still texting that I am still texting.
To our neighbor, perhaps, you may lead to our neighbor, as long as I say it's too much, I said, "I should look at that," I need to look at that, "I need to look at that, right," in your mirror, right?
There are also a lot of rent, that's why they are cheap, whose legs are cheap.
Nora is cheap and cheap, because I do not like my neighbors who are stubborn; we don't like a lot of things that I don't know.
My husband knows that, because of course, I am calling that I am called to have a job; he / she didn't know that he had a job, he / she didn't know that he / she had a job that he lost his job for three months and I worked in Liana's yes.
That is why, no matter what happened, he found out that he / she had known each other; he / she found out that he / she didn't have yes, 'hhness, whose attitude is very kind of attitude.
She is also an enemy, we are still enemies.
That is just PO 3 Vergilio Calamudi, who are in the corners of the Muslim brothers, older sister, ill-tempered; and coercion.
"Include us with your boastfulness, as if she said that he / she said that he / she wanted the people to have killed my husband, I said that you might have no idea that it is the first one I said that I am the only one I said.
I said.
Just one thing that I am telling about what I am doing is a way, so what I can do in the race that I am living with, you are already dead.
"I am with that, what is the same with me, which is why he / she said that he / she is so arrogant; and fur.
If you will be allowed to be allowed.
He is very angry.
Whatever it was, it was really the chin of her French father that was why my wife was in the trip.
Who got angry; he / she got angry; he / she got mad.
I said it was a rumor that they were the one who said that I did not understand them.
I really cannot understand.
