Frankly, the Americans are flicking to Duterte.
By Ellen Tordescription of August 14, 2016, Malacañang does not know how to cover up the witness, the President did about the ambassador of the United States, Philip Goldberg, and for the aid given to $33 million.
Presidential Spokesman Ernesto Abella said President Rodrigo Duterte said that it is not public what President Rodrigo Duterte said, "gay" and son of computers, Goldberg, "said the Americans.
In front of the soldiers in Camp Lapu-Lapu-Lapu in Cebu City last August 5, and we were saying that he is fixing the visit of US State Secretary John Kerry, "we were talking with Secretary Delfin Lorenzana), with the ambassador of the US State Secretary John Kerry," we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana), while we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana), "we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana)," we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana), "we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana)," we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana), "we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana)," we were talking with Secretary Jesse (Lorenzana). "
Goldberg is still up to October to the Philippines.
He added: "So as John (Kerry," when he went here, we got married.

We even left us, Delfin (Lorenzana) of $33 million.

We should disrespect it again to settle these kinds of money only. "
Of course, the Americans were not happy if China was insulted by former President Noynoy Aquino, he used to care of what they are doing in Spratad at the word of Hitler and only up to words, the Americans were different.
The State Department called out that the official who was responsible in the embassy while the ambassador to the US Jose Cueto is gone, and there was no mother who was appointed by Duterte), Patrick Chuwariwa-oto, about what Duterte said.
Abella said, Chuwariwa-oto was said by Duterte.
Abella said, it is not for the public to say what the President said about Goldberg is not for the public and to Kerry "Pogoy.

I did not expect that I am returning to Tagalog what Abella said because I do not know what it means, it is up to you to understand.
The US has been released.

According to Manila last Friday, the $32 million ransom that they gave was not new because Duterte thought it was given to him / her before, which was given to him / her before, because of what they continued.
This, it is everywhere.

The US Embassy said, in giving help, was tied to the record of "human rights," Pogi "and" rule of law. "
"What about that," that's the words that Duterte will be irritated with?
