If you want, there will be a way for the term of PNoy.

The voting was finished in Yahoo Philippines about running or not by President Benigno Aquino III in a election for his second term.
PNoy is a little bit more, Bro.
Majority of voters do not want the President to remain in position as the son of ex-Senator Ninoy Aquino and former President Cory.
Here is the result of the recent election.
There is a total of 4,003 individuals who want PNoy to go down as President while 34,674 are in favor of his stay in position or power.
The question.
Asked by Yahoo Philippines: Shama Aquino for the run for a candidate for a Second, "?
For the favor, this is the line of words: Yes, PPETIDs.
For those who are against them, this is the line of number.
PNoy has a lightning for 11,3348 pesos only when PNoy does not want PNoy to be the boss of my beloved Philippines.
In other use, Bro, 58 percent will be irritated of PNoy while 48 percent are being lucky in him.
Bigger with the SWS, Pulse Asia.
The number of those who voted here is bigger compared to those who are answering the Pulse Asia and Social Weather Station, with 1,200, which is their responsibility.
Whatever it means, Bro, it is up to you to think.
But the election in Yahoo Philippines is open to the public, while there is a foul smell coming out by the SWS and Pulse Asia.
Does it mean that the election is more believable in Yahoo Philippines than the "election" in the SWS and Pulse Asia?
It is for you to have the answer or own belief and we are not under it.
But what is clear, no different kinds of mistakes are done here, as long as the election was finished in a month.
With each other.
The camp of PNoy has given a debt of gratitude.
Let us wait a lot or landslide in what the Filipinos want to remain in the derogatory children of Ninoy and Cory.
And this is what caused the news about the second term of PNoy, what would be the voice of his boss, this might be what he will follow.
He said, hopefully PNoy is not the one who will replace Benigno Simeon Aquino III in his position to start in 2016 until 2022.
Because PNoy's party is not a candidate in 2016 because what is given the chance is that the masses will not bite him, if ever he will be defeated, "he will not be able to enter Malacañang.
DOTE.
It is like a survey done by our former Remate has made a survey regarding the stay or not PNoy in Malacanang.
Our question in the past week is to change the 1987 Constitution in order for President Aquino to stay in position?
If you have followed a lot of text, Bro, you will be surprised with the reaction.
Many are in favor of PNoy, but many are against PNoy, but aside from anger, they are mad at helping the Constitution so PNoy can do what he wants in Malacanang.
In what we are saying about the result, including the limitation on weather and space, about 75 percent are against PNoy while around 25 percent are in favor of him.
If you want it, there is a way.
In PNoy's travel to the countries in Europe this day, he did nothing about the issue, "extension.
"It is the child of tofu, is her answer, right," if he wants, there is a way. "
And until now, she continued to complete the voice of his boss.
Who really is his boss, Bro, many are doubting who is his boss.
But many are telling the same thing that his boss are his personnel who are ready to give him all the way that he is going to pass through with what he wants to heal.
The toll fee in the Constitution.
This is the effective surgery of the 1987 Constitution for the time, extension.
It's because three are saying the 1987 Constitution which is a way to undergo surgery.
It is said that Constantino was sentenced to form the congressmen and senators as a duty to change the Constitution.
It is possible that they will steal it with bad or separate, it depends on what they want because they really want to disregard the meddling of the Supreme Court here.
If this happens, the change will not only last for extension.
It is half an hour to make the government's system to lower down the presidential system.
"If this happened, Bro, there is no election in 2016.
And it will lead PNoy who is the most powerful official in the Philippines.
In the excessive bribery of the lawmakers, they will be able to ensure that the Barangay Minoras of PNoy will also be strict, and the term of his KKK or coughs, hehehe.
Martial law can be done.
With the number of crimes being experienced in the Philippines from the kidnappers for ransom from the Abu Sayyaf and New People's Army, it will be expected that the bombing will not happen again wherever and blame it to all the "caused by martial law.
This is easier for, extension, because the end of the gun of the military and police will be used for the power of all who are thirsty for power.
I hope that nothing will happen like this.

Ultimatum at him / Benny.
