
Some alcohol in the Philippine Army: My personal.

To our soldiers, drinking alcohol is very normal, if you do not drink alcohol, you are unusual!

I do not know, I really do not really love someone like my father and siblings from drinking.

Acres, I will only taste different kinds of drinks since last high school, I tasted the taste of different drinking of my fellow barangays such as' hness, Datu, San Mig, Simagala, and many others.

I do not know why they are pleased by the drivers, but I did not think that I am just like a type of alcohol? "I have never thought of making an expensive alcohol but I have already tasted the people like Chik Regal, Black Label and various other chuces, TSETC. Exct-use.

Though the second year in my public service, the reasons why I do not want to get drunk like the following are increasing.

The taste is ugly, even if you are able to pay it, although you are drunk, playing your head the next day, you pay for your head!

I see a lot of things seen by the devil, when they get drunk, they don't get a plate when drunk, the disease of a dog is normal, but it becomes normal, but when drunk, I became a official, that became an official, that became a certain official, that's why he became a certain official, "it's embarrassing?

There are also those who woke up like she urinated on the pants, tried to take care of their own face and even if their boss is bleeding in the side of Yo'clock,?

Of course, let us not forget to express his ambition to become horical e Stallone when it is very drunk when you're carrying a gun and firing a gun to show that he is the one who owns that kind of attitude, they are the same with the real fight.

Hoed by alcohol: Adosto was devastated.

Why is it that many soldiers are fond of drinking alcohol? Read on.

It seems that it has been the tradition of being a soldier, especially in the occasions like birthday, fancy, gathering, promotion and length of Acevasion, the soldiers are not running out of reason to drink.

The dialogue to the soldiers to drink is the worst part of them especially when they come from a long time in combat operations.

If they give them a chance to spend time, they will forget the problems and sadness of life that is far from the family, it is also gladdening to see that they are not ashamed to connect with the cheek of Tanduay Zone 9, more, Michael Jackson or Frank Sinunuc of the troops when they have drunk.

Even if it is still that, the unit Leaders' aspect should be careful in this aspect of the end, they are going to be liable when there is something bad happening because of the drinking of other troops.

The problem with drinking is that if you do not have control of it well, there are people who have put it in the head the spirit of alcohol, which can be done in danger.

So, for sure, the illness that you give, the pain that you can reach if you have a case because of the horrible incident caused by drinking.

For example, the shooting of a close soldier in Mindoro last year 2000 was the reason why the Army was pulled out there and the bandit NPA were pulled out of joy because of the broken areas.

That's how fast that an abusive soldier was able to erase the first sweat, sacrifice and blood of the most powerful soldiers.

Every time they are going to become Men.

One of the things I see is positive due to the drinking of the troops is to know your personnel.

Because of the formal occasion, where soldiers are worried about the military as cols and military Discipline Office, you will not just wait for their real attitude especially if the agreement is to be always discussed.

Meanwhile, if you take a few glasses of alcohol from the troops, they will come out that their conversation is going out, skillful or attitude.

On the other hand, there are those who are fighting in talking, while others are graduating from AIM (We), there are also others who seem to make all his actions.

I rarely see the troops of Silent, whether it is still young or not, most of those who seem to be able to get away from its cage that is becoming an instant, even if there is no idea to be exalting.

Sometimes, what I want is that when the troops are riding a shot, they became aware to tell the complaints and personal problems, who is indebted to a love affair and I am also doing something wrong with his co-worker or another person who is resentful towards his co-worker or others.

What I want most right now is like you want to come out of good ideas how to improve our unit.

File a case.

I do not want to drink, I can see the importance of those who are drinking because of the mentioned reasons why I know they are not drinking and they just give them each other or two weeks that he does not suffer for each other for two weeks.

We talk about what is the right thing to drink to avoid problems that are always happening.

Let, share to some part of the Philippines to drink (an alcohol) that we are fulfilling of Scout Ranger that's in my leadership.

1 - it is prohibited to drink on duty and especially if included in the military troops for a temporary combat mission, it is a big amount for us.

2.

3 - the leader that he has a new leader with the drinking session is a good decision on where he was drinking with his group, he was first to be liable when there will be conflict when there will be conflict when there will be conflict in short, Sarge put the last drunk.

4 - it is prohibited to hold a gun at the drinking session so that a gun is going to be put in supply if they will drink.

5 - those who are drinking in drinking are prohibited to leave the things such as videoke and plate and spoon used in painting a pick up, which is used to be clean and used as well as well.

Or okay, our unit was simple, at my 2 years, and Commander Commander, there was no incident of fighting and captured the order here.

I am proud that the Nihonggo are the one responsible and they are respecting and feared by their distress.

They know that it will be distraught or demote them if they are stubborn in drinking especially that they will be charged to people or in the air).

In the end, drinking, especially to the soldiers, will be put in the right place to be put in the right place.
