TV Patrol, July 23, 2012.

SONA 2012.

This is the third time for Kalagayan of the country 2012 by Benigno Simeon C.

Aquino, the president of the Philippines.

In the Bulletin of the Congress of the Philippines.

It was stated in Bulletin of the Minority Floor of the coast Pambansa Complex.

City of Quezon, Metro Manila, July 23 on July, 2012.

Thank you very much.

Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile, speaker Feliciano Belmonte; Vice President Jejomar Binay; the former President Fidel Valdez, and Joseph Ejercito, are leaders of the supreme court; and of course of my co-ranking officials of the supreme court; and of course for my fellow boss, this is a good afternoon to all of you.

This is my third SONA, and it is just like when we have started to dream, just like when we started to take off the straight path, just like when we started to get off the poor, not only on the road but to the system of society.

Two years have passed since you said, "we are tired of corruption; we are tired of poverty," it is time to bring back a government official who is a real ally of the people.

Like many of you, I became aware of the harassment of the powerful.

I am already having two years old when martial law was declared.

Our world was reversed in seven years and for seven months, my family was forced to go to another country; I became a witness to the suffering of many of my principle, he was the one who helped me if I saw something wrong with the system, it is my duty to correct this.

"Martial law has been finished for a long time ago," if we are not, who else, "we were able to let us go through a peaceful way; we were successful in a peaceful way; we were successful because of the dark chapter in our history.

But let us not forget about the root of martial law: Being used by the dictator to remain in power, and up to now, the collision between the system of the system is still ongoing, against those who want to continue worsening traffic.

From the first day of our service, nothing happened to us but the nightmare of the lost decades.

There is the case of North Rail Transit.

When he really loves it, after the negotiation has been repeated, he loved more.

Despite of this, the benefits received by the Dumagat-nine people, and at the said station, from five, the two were worse, more than five, were given to us their debt.

There is no reserved bonus to some GROs C, in spite of the financial status of their agency, there is one billion pesos worth of PAGCOR for the coffee, there is only one billion pesos worth of the police that set the weapons of 45 percent of the police, just to earn from the old helicopter that was bought from the old helicopter that was bought.

There is no need to spend on each other and the debt that needs to be paid for a long time is that it is already left a long list which costs Php 53,800 pesos per hour; which costs Php 534212 billion pesos, which costs Php 5334212 billion pesos.

When we arrived, there are almost thirty-six million Filipinos who are not yet members of PhilHealth, they need to join each other for the remaining six billion pesos which is needed for the remaining six months of 2010 to add up to the remaining six months of 2010.

That is why in our first three months of our service, we are waiting for the arrival of Sunday to go back to the Lord the nightmare that we face us, we expected that a meaningful change will be given, we will give enough understanding to the people?

But if there is one thing that has been laid down in our race, and we have proved it in the whole world, and we have not able to make a change in the whole world, we dreamed of change; we passed the change; and now, this is already normal.

The road that you will increase is straight, faster, and without a lot; only the filipino people have been asphalted or cement.

The situation when the storm is approaching, those that are waiting for relief, and not the people are waiting for those that are waiting for relief goods, and we are also waiting for help from each other.

The crooks on the streets are just coming from the police, ambulance, or firefighters - not from the government official, this is already normal for the government of being abused, now, the real ally of the Filipino.

We implemented reform: They removed what is not needed, after the corrupt, and showed the world to be in a business in New management, including the Philippines.

At the former part of Asia, now, which is already full of enthusiasm so we had a positive outlook, but when we first had doubts about it, there is a chance that we have been surprised at the counting, and as long as we have been surprised at the counting, and most of them were surprised, and it rarely goes down to 5,000 pesos.

According to the First th period of 2012, GDP / she said, that it is a distance from the predictions, and most of us who are always trying to talk to us, but we first talk to us, we should be the one to talk to us, what we say, we should be able to talk to us in our meeting.

In every corner of the world, it is showing a admiration for the ardancers, according to Bandola, "I," my company in our country, but it is possible that he will not be a boils in our country, but it can be said that he is not a cherness in our country, that is why it's an estimated 1 billion dollars in our country, that's why it was followed by the local governments in our country.
Let us make sure that up to progress is much more, we hope that we will remember, with 760,357, who will be sent to 35.,357 on their target to reach 341 million in the span of two years.

Just in the year of this year, they are able to register the third million worth of beneficiary of the Pantawid Pamilya Pilipino at the next year, we will be raised to the jurisdiction of the 3.8 million houses; and it has been a huge amount of time when we arrived in our place.

This project has a long term.

The studies are not complete, but as early as now, it is good to have shown the number one, based on the list of DSWD: With 1,672,370 7 who have regular exercise.

Let's also add to the 1,672,814 children who are immunized against Thea, Pelio, measles, and others, who are not forced to be lost because of poverty.

In the health: When we arrived, sixty five percent of the Filipinos were able to save the PhilHealth.

What's worse, it cannot be determined if all of them are included in the real need of care of the state, or a good fortune near the politician.

Now, 85 percent of all citizens, this is a member of this, this is a member of this, 23 million Filipinos are not added to the scope of PhilHealth since we give a mandate.

What's good about this: 5.2 million which is the poorest place was identified by the National High School which is full and has no payment for the benefits of PhilHealth, Magpahanggang Wakas, cataract, as well as well for the benefits of PhilHealth, pneumonia, and Actor, and Acute leukemia.

This is the process of treatment for them: You will go to any hospital of the government, that you show your PhilHealth card that will be treated and will come home without giving out a chance.

As they say, one of the things that we attended to, four to ten Filipinos, do not even see health condition from each of every ten Filipinos, that we can reach up to ten thousand every ten Filipinos, which is why we have reached the bridge to become more than ten thousand of Filipinos, which is why we have reached the bridge to become more than ten thousand pesos in the community.

And if before, the nurses will only go to where their chief will go to, now, because of the right age, they are sent to the places that were left in the bottom of the society, and to 604.9 that have been left behind by the National Anti-Poverty Commission.

It is only two problems that we are going to meet, aside from the work and being given importance to thousands of nurses and took a glimpse of their knowledge, the quality of concern for the millions of our countrymen is becoming effective.

But we are still not contented with it, because our wish: Health for all, not in the hospital, not in the hospitals, but also to the hospitals, but also to our hard work, to avoid diseases that can be avoided.

An example was I mentioned to Mosquito Esmilla, dengue last year.

You know, those who are very strict in investigation are still early to say that we will surely be sure, but the initial results of this program is being encouraged.

We challenged the effects of Mosquito Suto the places where the highest incident of dengue was recorded in the entire province of Bukidnon last 2010, with 228 cases of dengue in Cagayan, Northern Samar: 434, cases of dengue last 2010, almost four cases of dengue last 2010.

This is just the start of a study, but as early as now, we might be better to thank Secretary IOS in the DOH and Secretary Mario Monangjo of DOST, there might be a lot of wage increase, maybe because of the clumsy, they might be able to analyze them properly.

We still have a lot of distress.

In our response to them, it would have a big contribution to the Sin Tax Reform bill that it will pass as soon as soon as possible, the vices will be lessened, more will be added to the funds for health.

What will be met with the youth going to school?

Our faith to Secretary Luistro also strong before the next year, what we inherited from every year is already gone; we should also try to meet with 61.7 million pesos in our studies, but now that we don't want to be met before 2012; but now that we don't want to be met before the age of students.

And for us not to leave our State Universities (Colleges, we have a proposition to be given to their budget for the next year, expect that this will be implemented by our budget for the next year, expect that it will be a corresponding state of our budget to meet the remaining needs of yours.

What is happening in our budget for education is slow to think: The budget of DepEd that gave us last 2010, 177 billion pesos.

Our proposal for 2013: 07 at 7 billion pesos. 2010, 21.3 billion pesos is the budget for SUCs.

It is estimated that it has been added to a 37.13 billion pesos that we have promised for the 2013 election, but despite this, there is a bigger than 21.8 million pesos, and hopefully, there is a huge sum of the budget of education, and hopefully, there is a big contribution to the budget of education, and hopefully, it is a big contribution to the budget of education, and hopefully, it's a big than 21.8 million pesos, and it would be better than 21.8 million pesos, and it would be better than 21.8.

When we took office, and to start the meaningful reforms, some have belittled the show-off of the government, but there are still a few who does not want to retire from sowing violence; there are still some who do not want to retire on good news, and they are shut on the criticisms.

If you have a problem, before the year, every child has his own chair and books, look at them, eyes in the eyes, and you say, "do not want to study."

If you have a bad feeling about 5.2 million worth of Filipinos, you can go to the hospital so you can see them again, eyes in the eyes, and you say, "don't want you to get married."

If you are angry that there are three million families going to the fulfilment of their dreams because of the Pantawid Pamilya Pilipino, look at them, eyes of the eyes, and tell you, I will return you from the lack of hope. "

The weather is over when only one's important is that, what is important is for example, the former leaders of TESDA (WHO), the problem, which is reserved for more than 1,000 thousand pesos from the government, the Filipino people who have paid for more than one administration; the Filipino people will pay for it.

Secretary Joel Villanueva has entered it, because it is not impossible for the change that should be implemented in his agency, despite the huge debt that was inherited by TESDA (43,676 individuals, which are still earning 362 pesos per day or 11,240 pesos every month.
From the deaths, until the young man, the system for the people is already working, that is sure that our economy will give birth to the energy of our economy.

Let's remember, that it is just like it turned dark, it can create every year of a million new job for the New York.

The cause of it within two years is almost 341 million in a new job.

This is the reason why the controversy rate in the country is down and down.

When we arrived, it has been eight percent rate in the last 7.2: 00 last April 2011, and it even went down especially at P99 this year, in the month of April, "is it not fair to dream that one day, each Filipino who are ready to attack a bones, have surrender to work?

Let us look at a BPO sector.

In the year 2000, a few thousand people are already deployed in this industry, we were able to attend to you, 25 billion dollars, who will be able to attend to our economy the year 2011, and there are still many people who will benefit from our economy in the year 2011, and there are still many people who will benefit from our economy in the year 2011, and there are still many people who will benefit from the jobs they can make because of a BPO industry.

It is also a big part of our Disbursement Acceleration Program in the construction of sufficient infrastructure for those who have their vacation in Boracay but you have seen the new baptism of our terminal in Caticlan.

"There will still be a lot of siblings, before my term ends, New Bohol Airport in Panglao, Cotabato, Dipolog City, Pagadian, Tawi-Tawi, Southern Leyte, and San Vicente in Palawan.

For the fourth President, I will shoulder the problem of NAIA 3, not just an airplane, and-Landing here: Even problems, Secretary Mar Roxas: Even before we meet in the next SONA, it will be fixed that we inherited in NAIA 3.

This June, the process of LRT line 1, Cavite has started to move forward to the traffic in Las Piñas, Parañaque, and Cavite.

These will be finished in 2015.

The discussion about the agency has already changed about the agency that before it is considered as a nest of failure, I remember before: 00 during the rainy season, while MacArthur Highway will not be gone; while the road will still be lost until it will be gone.

As a representative in my district, I reported this to the response of DPWH: We know the problem, we know the solution, but we do not have money.

"I need to ask for my barangay, and I said to them, if we are not doing this, we should do it, and we also do not do anything, and we also do not have any problem," just a reminder: We have not paid taxes. "

We will form the roads, but according to a clear system, but according to a clear system, it could not be broken into the plan, including the roads and curved dangerous places, and they were fixing the latest technology.

We need to complete this every year, so before my term ends, every cent of our National Road network, "of course, do not add to the National Road network.

Not only on the road, but also the system being brought to DPWH.

Hopefully, the construction of other infrastructure is not delayed so that the growth of other industry will not be delayed.

Along with the development of infrastructure is the economic growth of tourism, just last 2001, the tourist spots in our country is about 1.8 million pesos, that is why it will be added to 341 million pesos, that is why it will be added that it will be added to 341 million pesos, compared to the two years, that is why it has been added that it has been added that we had replaced it for nine and half a year.

We are not raising the bank; we are just telling the truth.

But it is not contented with Secretary Mon Jimenez, he said, if in Malaysia, there is an estimated 17 million tourists who visit the Philippines every year, and if we learn that it comes to the Philippines every year, we can still say that it comes to the tourism, "Fight IT.

If the discussion goes on the top of the list, the agriculture and carabao Secretary Alcala is very hard to bring good news that he visited all the provinces in order not to campaign against the DA and the debt of NFA that they inherited from us, 177 billion pesos.

Isn't it that before, let us believe that the lack of rice, and to address it, is that they are only rotten in the storage.

This year, 500,000.

It is also said by Secretary Alcala: The key here, the right program for the irrigation, and diligent implementation of the Vic Sotto program. What is painful is that, it is not yet implemented, but it is not yet implemented, where are we going to work early?

Let us also look at the industry of coconut and the barbells that were just being dumped, now, it is being utilized by a farmer last 2009-48.8 billion worth of water that we welcome.

You will not be surprised, on 2011, 16,756,498.

We will still buy a new mother who can be picked up by the clock in order to get the superheroes from Coco coir.

In the next year, we can benefit more from the coconut industry.

We provided 1.75 billion pesos for ease and gain weight.

My mother started the Comprehensive Tax Reform Program and it is only right that this program is finished in the time of my service.
The system is already being put in order to speed up the implementation of the reforms.

The government is doing all the steps so that our farmers will be given to our farmers, but we still do not want to stop from planting the law, the people's response to them, and what I want to go down from his position, is already used to give all the interest in the jurisdiction of the Virgin P.

Let us look at what is happening to the energy sector, just like before, they have reached 1.3 billion pesos for each other, that is why they are proud of a 1.3 billion pesos, that is why they are proud of a 1.3 billion pesos, that is why they are proud of a 1.3 billion pesos, that is why they are really impressed by a 1.3 billion pesos, that is why they are really impressed by a 1.3 billion pesos.

When he will be brought to service, you will not be able to pick up, just like me, thank you, thank you, thank you.

The light in our country increased again - light from the crime happening in the dark corners of the society, the continuous decrease of the crime rate in the whole country, the continuous decrease of the crime rate in the whole country.

In addition to this, two more than two hundred cases of carnapping incidents last 2010, only half fell down; it was only 966 in the arrival of 2011.

Hopefully this will be brought by our exclusive line.

We are not saying there is no crime happening, but I think there is no one to be angry or already dead by two suspects in the bus bombing in Makati last year, but one of the two suspects who were involved in the bus bombing in Makati last year, was already charged by two suspects in the bus bombing in Makati last year, but one of the five thousand involved in illegal drugs that was arrested by PDEA last 2011.

Let us know that the fight of Pacman is not every day, and we cannot depend on the continuous decrease of the crime, that is why we are giving the police forces with no gun and hope in the act of arresting criminals?

If we won the bidding, we make sure that their products are full of quality and after the process, and we are expecting that this will be given to protect and take care of the country, society, and self.

Let us go to the issue of the Pambansang Kamao, there are those who said that our Air Force, "all of the force," instead of taking care of our soldiers, can't be placed in danger.

Just after a year and seven months, we have already passed by more than two thousand pesos for the AFP modernization program, we already caught thirty-three billion peso funds that was given to the said program in the past fifteen years.

The thirty-million dollars given by the United States will also be set for Defense Capinig and Susanne Calment of AFP, aside from their help to reinforce the coast guard under the coast guard Center of the Philippines.

The Armed Forces also has a canvas before reaching their equipment, armored personnel who are picking up and seen in the Philippines, "BRP), now, the BRP), now, the BRP), now, the BRP), now, our second-tech and quality ship where we will look at 9,000 kilometers per kilo of numbers.

It is also good if only hanger is already clean with our Armed Forces, because it will come to the length of six-hundred thirty-six-year-old matriarch, two Light Rail Transit, two breads that we bought, two Light Rail Transit, two breads that we bought, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two Light Rail Transit, two breads.

And we are not only with the weapons being felt by our police and military as their burden to their lives because of more than two thousand houses have already been built under the AFP-PNP housing program.

This is not about the fighting and became obstinate because it is not about his abilities to defend themselves - one thing that is impossible in order to defend himself, whatever he can face.

Not the video.

"I am thankful to the Lord Almighty that we have given this kind of opportunity - this is given a good president and this project, he is not being neglected by the police and soldiers - members of our Philippines," SPO1 Domingo Medveded.

"We sympathize, Ma'am, but I really did a way to enter their school," that, my mission in life, that I have a parent, is not pitiful, because I have learned how to be a big, "when I learned how to be a big.

"It is a big help for us - the first one I know is to be the first one who benefited from overseas and also benefiting in Package 18, Catalawan.

We thank you so much and it is not good for my child to have a illness, but I have PhilHealth who are going to help and ready to help our expenses. "And Kristine for PhilHealth.

"On the day when we were able to fight in a Oakwood mutiny." What we are fighting for will change and this is our chance for us to have their own house especially in the program of our president Benigno Aquino III.

Not the video.

And now that they are taking care of the people, our military is even trying to achieve peace, it can be considered as two hundred and three rebels who surrendered and returning to society, and around 1,772 bandits, who could no longer make the violence.

We are also saluting peace in places where the shooting has long been destroyed, the result: The result of our enemy, connection with the hands of the enemies, 270 with buildings, and 74 health centers have been built.

If the discussion was just peace, I arrived at the place that has been the face of the dreams of our dreams, who were found to be a Ghost; and also the personnel of the government who did not show up to a Ghost, fifty-five Ghost Entry SEC.

What's being repeated again on the roads just to earn money, it is prohibited for money to earn money, to avoid taking advantage of the ghosts in-list, to avoid taking advantage of the ghosts in-list, prove that they are kind to OIC.

Eastern Samar, what we can say: You are really the one who is now Vic Ghost.

It was replaced, and it was being treated as a housing project, bridge, and medical center for the Badjaos, 615 million pesos for the roads and bridge that was given to ARL), 341.9 million pesos for the streets and bridge that they receive, which is not yet included here is the annual support that they are receiving, that this year has reached 11.7 billion pesos.

Even those who want to expose, are seeing the effects of reforms.

We recognize as a sign of their trust in the past seven months, when there was no encounter between the military and the MILF.
In the peace line up, the agreement is announced and the content of both sides of the trust in each other is exposed.

Sometimes, the process is going to be complicated; these are just signs that we are going to achieve our only goal and peace.

It is a peaceful discussion for our principle to complete our Executive Order regarding mining, our natural resources to improve the life of the Filipinos, not only now, but also in the next race of nature, if the destruction of nature will be the payment.

But this is just the first step to think about it, last 2010, 145 billion pesos is the total amount received from mining, but we will not allow to take care of the public and private sector for the blessings that we will receive from this industry.

Let us talk about the situation of Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council before, the government who is helping, asking for help, now that the storm is still in the Pacific, and there is a clear plan to avoid danger.

Every time we talk about the disaster, I always remember what happened to us in Tarlac, when it reached the strong rain, it was good that a barangay captain was robbed by the flood, which was left behind by the carabao that was left to be tied to the tree; so it could have been tied to the tree; so he was able to escape with the strength of his head.

Many are still fighting against the typhoon Ondoy, Pega, and Sendong, so many have died from the torments of the calamities being thrown at the evacuation of their families using technology, the Filipinos are already given the right warning to prepare and avoid accidents.

Real-time is real and there is a direct benefit from the millions of six regions that should be given to different regions, before 2013, our target: Sixty five water level.

Another change in the past, the agencies, each has a chase with the number, each of his agenda like him, the culture of the government: 07 for the welfare of the people, which is why we call it.

Before, there are programs in the Christmas tree, but after planting, they will just be forsaken by the community who are also looking for livelihood, they will be cut down to make coal.

There is a solution for this, there have been 128058 percent that have been saved six to the whole country; that is only a part of a total of 1.5 million-hectare coconut plantation, and there are some who are going to take care of the trees, who will be able to take care of the trees, which are the Filipinos who have lost their livelihood from here.

In another program, the private sector also gave a special sector, which is given a special amount of coffee, and to make sure that we take care of the trees, that the private sector has an additional income, the private sector will increase, the next generation that will benefit from the high trees.

Illegal numbers have long been a problem for a long time.

Since the EO is already known, Mayor Jun believes that more than six million pesos worth of timber, we are thankful to him in Butuan City; what if it will show this political will to all the LGU?

Those who are being harassed by DENR, it will put it to the community who was taught with TESDA by a carpenter, a bridge for a better future, it is impossible that it is impossible if the government is blind at illegal activities.

So you don't have a conscience; you are repeating the life of a fellow Filipino to prepare that your happy days are over.

We consider the thirty-four employees of DENR, a PNP provincial director, and the seven Chief Director of the PNP, we are asking you to visit you, we will visit you together with our peers, that is why even before you meet you, you will be able to talk to you again, maybe it would be better for you to get better.

From the womb, in his studies and work, there will be changes in facing the filipino people, and in case he choose to work in the government, the government will still look at his contribution to the public service, and will not be accompanied by the government, who is also the capital for him.

Think about it, and I am surprised here: There are those who are receiving 500 pesos only every month, how can it be a response to water, electricity, and food everyday?

We are happy that we can see their needs now, so that the welfare of the pensioners will not be fixed.

The government's face is really different when our pay goes with the private sector.

But when your classmate would have been promoted to private, you will leave each other again.

We can avoid that; but for now, the good news of those working in the government is the performance of the goal of those who are working in the government at the performance of the rating of based on the performance of it.

Before, he made a failure to raise the management of one agency, and the most low ranks of the employees are still having a hard time, they are having a hard time to work, they are losing their ways to work, and they are losing interest and persistent.

Here is one of our steps to address this from the start this year, we are going to implement a system wherein the bonus is based in fulfilling the agency for their target for the year.

On the hands of the employees are the key to his improvement of the employees, it can reach thirty-five thousand pesos, it depends on the show-off of your hair to your work.

We are doing this, it is not only to raise the confidence and show our trust to our public service, most of all, this is for the Filipinos depending on honest and good service from public service, and they are hoping that they are the only boss of their government.

You know, even from the beginning, there are those who want to question what we are saying, "if there are no corrupt, there are still a few who are asking," a simple answer, "of course."

Let's just think of what we came from before, like the wild West "the investment in the Philippines, the business is already in danger, and the public was immediately taken away due to a certain and broken policy.

Even if you are shaking hands with the right, you might get tired of using the left.

Now, because the fight is fair, and there is an ongoing rules, the increase of confidence in our economy will continue, the increase of work; the increase of jobs, and increase of Filipino people are continuing to meet.

Because the government acts well, there will be no movement in the system because the country's budget is orderly, and it will surely go straight to the road, peso for the vaccine and chair, peso for our future.
Because the bridge is organized, road, and building, they are built on where there is a need for the road to go properly, the flow of products, service, and the people is fast.

Because the agricultural sector is orderly, the production of food is increasing, and not to the price, salary is stable, and the national economy is stable.

It is true, the strong and strong economists are being taken by good governance is the most effective treatment against the challenges faced by the world.

It's been two years that the obstacles from the progress will revolt against it, and now, we themselves can stop our own studies.

We did all of these while each country is still putting up in different corners of the world their own problems.

We are not alone in this world, so while we responded to our own problems, it is only appropriate to guard some incidents that may affect us.

The events at Bajo de Masinloc.

There is a lot of calmness that we showed in the ship of Hala Dr, as a sign of our clean goal, we should immediately replace our rights, like respect to their rights as fellow countries in the same world.

We have mercy on others who say that we will just let us stay, but if someone entered your yard and told him that what he is standing is from him, will you agree to just give to others what we really want us.

That is why I wish to the people the cooperation on this issue but we should be free to help me to make sure that our stand on the other side is the reason of our resolve.

The situation is not simple, and the solution will not be simple and just trust the experts, and for all the leaders of our country, and also for those who are on the other side of our country, and also to those who are on the other side of our country, to find a solution which is acceptable to all.

In every step on the straight path, we have a lot of changes, but there are still a few who are trying to push through, but there are still a few who will say that we are saying, we should be united; we are just waiting to let us progress.

I can't accept it. Formosa do not accept that ten years have been gone to us, Fortich, only for the farmers, who have been buried in debt because of the importation of rice, that is why we can lessen our own land?

Formosa do not want to look for the family of a policeman who died without a fight, because he only had a baton to catch the armed criminals?

Formosa do not look for those who were orphaned by those who were orphaned by fifty-seven victims of the massacre in Maguindanao?

The true unity and the agreement will only come from the real and full justice case filed against the former President. Justice to give him a chance to face the accusations and defend himself.

What we witnessed last two-nine of May.

So in the next leader of the Supreme Court, we have proven a lot from you, we have proven that it is possible that the change is impossible, but this is what we need to implement, but this is what we need to fulfill, and this is what we need to fulfill, this is what we need to fulfill, this is what we need to fulfill.

We only wish,: If you are innocent, you will be able to face the court, because you are confident that you will be acquitted by your name, or how many of your name is connected to your name, you also have an assurance that your fault you did will have an assurance.

Thank you also to Ombudsman Conchita Carpio-Morales, in accepting a challenge to become real watchmen of the town, "it can be said that we have received a grenade at home," it can be called for someone who is calling him, "that's why others are calling him, that's why we are calling for a grenade at the dictator because of the active reform we implemented.

I am impressed by your show-off and thank you for being instruments in justice, especially during the midst of the impeachment trial.

Thank you for the two institutions that will increase Congress: In the Senate and legislative chamber, which is given by the people and have enough enough.

To all those who helped in using justice process, you have passed through a severe challenge, criticisms, and doubts; also with fear that if we lose, you will be the first target of the opponent.

Expect from you the Filipino, and you proved that the hope for you is right.

You did not disappoint the people; you explained especially our future.

Just a reminder: The fight against a corrupt official who got removed from his position is not yet finished, or in the office that the governance is implemented, which is why we call for our proposal to pass the amendment of the Anti-year Laqueza.

This is what we are experiencing now: Every corner, every path, bridge, airport, train, and ports; each of the filipino who have not have a lot; the safety and peace of the youth; all of these, we reach for two years.

Let us gather all of these two years, and the past nine and for half a year, we are being pushed by our goals, maybe we are against our ambition, can you say that they are in your side?

.

I remember when we started saying that I am aware of the weight of us! We are aware of the weight of us, this is one of those who are thinking about it, which is why I want to straighten out this kind of broken system?

Here is what I learned from two twenty-five months of the leader, nothing is impossible because if the people see them to be the first boss of their government, it is not impossible that the Philippines will be the first boss of their government, now it is impossible that the Philippines is going to serve as a Filipino in the entire world.

In the past year, I asked the people to give thanks to the positive changes in the society because the challenges that we pass by, that is why it is only appropriate to thank the people who were able to shoulder, to fix the wrong effects of bad governance.
To all the members of my cabinet: Many, thank you for sure that the people are lucky and there are people like you who are ready to surrender the private and harder life to send public service, danger, and criticisms.

"They should also not take advantage of it because I love them to be the name: Of Father CatalArevalo, and Sister Agnes Guda,, who were watering the challenges of us, many, thank you very much.

This is my third SONA, there are only three left alone in the middle of our leadership last year, my challenge to you to get away from the culture of our fellow Filipinos.

We know what we are experiencing now: You are not disappointed with you from the changes.

I face you as the face of a government and you are still the strength he is urging the change that you have done.

That is why, in all nurses, took a nap, or a doctor who chose to serve the government; for every Filipino Workers who chose to work in the government; for every employee of the government, who have been faithful to service to vices: You should do change.

"Every time I will face a mother who is saying, thank you and my baby is submerged again," my answer: You did it.

Every time I will face a child who is saying, thank you for the role and pencil, for the chance to study, "my reply: You are with you.

"Every time I will face an OFW who is saying, thank you and I can be able to face the Philippines again," my response: You were the one who made it.

Every time I will face a Filipino who is saying, "thank you, I thought that it won't take a electricity in our roof, I thought that it will not be a good life for the light like this," my response: You were the one who made it.

In every opportunity I will face a farmer, teacher, engineer or driver, agents of a call center, common Filipinos; in every Juan and Juana dela Cruz who say yes to you, my response to you: You.

I repeat, it is possible that what is impossible in facing you now is possible, and it is said that this is my last SONA of the Filipino people, many thanks and good afternoon to everyone.
