
Civilians were said to be the ones arrested by the AFP, tried to cover-off the prosecution leader.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
October 11, 2012.

Guzzle up!

AFP, Tumbang Preso, Saranggani is the ones who takes a hidden talent.

The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) has been criticized by the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) in the illegal arrest and for violation of the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) in filing a rebellion case to be covered up by its failure.

Around 11: 30 on October 5, the agency of the 2nd ID of AFP, agency is kidnapped by the military units and other parts of the AFP and the Philippine National Police (PNP), their daughter Jamie Chik or, her daughter Maritez-governmental store at the corner of Aurora Boulevard and Anzon Street in Quezon City.

He was asked by lawyers of the National Union of People's lawyers (NUPL), identified as Panilaga, 48 years old, who is a guard of MegaChurch, Project 4, Q.C. according to Panilaga, Quezon City.

"To be covered up by a big mistake, Maj. General Alan Lumakil, Commander of Southern Luzon Command of the AFP, in an statement, Panaligan, who was identified as a leader of the revolutionary movement in Southern Tagalog," said the KP, "said the KP.

The bureau also received reports on the information of the PKP in the Sousa Tagalog Regional Committee, who was referring to the Philippine Amusement and NDFP members, Benjamin Mendoza, continued to build his responsibilities and duty in NDFP, especially the peace talks.

"The PKP has criticized the AFP about the illegal arrest of Pantukan and expressed support for him to release and give damage to the serious justice and violation of his rights and for his family, it is further supported by the PKP, his wish to revoke all of the cases made to him."

According to the PKP, the failure of the military in relation to Panaligan, which is announced to be considered by the Aquino administration of Joint Commission on Human Rights) and according to the lack of serious agreement and following his obligations, Eduardo Serrano, Eduardo Anastacio, Eduardo Sales and Jaime Soledad, that many were arrested under the Marcos regime.
