
The province and the danger of the viruses.

For those who are from the province, they are only able to see the rice field and animals in the farm, but for those from Metro Manila, the addeal with them.
This is what we found out when we were in ABS-CBN DZMM yesterday, as the chief of reporters, and there was an outing at the family of Subic.
From ABS-CBN compound in Quezon City, we went with the bus where the reporters, writer, producers, Production, and others are together.
In the middle of the trip, a woman named the writer who is a native of Makati: "Carabao is shouting," the carabao! "
"Family:" Why are the relatives, "why?" The next question is, "the carabao says that the carabao's appearance is just now that I have seen me."
"Ah, all of that," what we did before.
This is the truth: Many like us grew up in the province, they are often noticing the things that are not yet found in the influx. Tyo-for), "as they say.
There are many things in the province that should be seen or experienced in Metro Manila but just until when it is still early, we can't say with the speed of development in the countryside, especially the places where there is mining which is hard to weigh if the road they are taking is difficult.

It is also good for the eyes of the rice grains, especially since it is under the sun.
But, it is scary and dangerous if the grains of rice are piled up and there are rocks and big trees used to dry up the vehicles.
It is the child of the mold and revelations, the road is for vehicles, cannot be ignored!
There are still many in the Middle Luzon.
We last watched the way to be watched between the towns of San Marcelino and San Narciso in Zambales.
I do not know and in spite of the widespread "tiktiks" that is a project of the towns of town, there are still farmers who need to gather rice.
The motorists are getting accidents, even the farmers themselves, in many times.
It is not really prohibited to drop the rice cakes in the road, but the politicians, do not want to lessen the votes, that's why they are just being neglected, not contented with accidents there.
Now that summer is coming, there will be more who is about to dress.
This is the truth, safety, fellow motorists and farmers, so the authorities should act on it.
