JaDine fans, reacted in the "tanim-CBN" by Alberto Lina, James! By Dondon Servando, January 7, 2017.
Who is Loren Burgos?
Well, Loren Burgos is the only girl who is being treated by the fans of James Reid, Nadine Lustre.
And why is it that JaDine fans? Well said that he is the threat to the "relationship with James and Nadine's relationship with James and Nadine" in the television series, luckily, who has been posted on her Instagram account's to get 5 million pesos.
And even if she and Jake Cuenca were not able to be with her in the movie, she was only able to join in the movie that's why it's just "
And in his opinion that he will witness a sexy last September 10, 2016, "of the 17-month. Metias," said that her Instagram account's Instagram ers cannot take care of him.
But, because he was the "virginity" of James Yap in TV, he suddenly suddenly went with James Reid, which seemed to be attracted with James Reid, which seemed to be carrying James Reid, which is too much of the things he received before.
"It's just that, most of the items being taken, are very angry at him and others, as if the Hala Bira will really love her.
But, do you need to feel pity for Loren, if suddenly, his life is already different, like before, it seems that no one is interested in her, now, thousands are interested to him.

And the truth is, even if you say that he is getting mad at her, she is going to be flirty and various painful accusations, that is still a big help, but here, he is really in showbiz.
In the post of Loren, who is with James, many are really worried about what happened, and yes, we are really angry at him and we are really not sure if JaDine fans are really good. "
He / she was averted to be a 1: Repost.

Peace JaDine fans, just acting acting! "Thank you."
"That's what Loren tion for James, who is feeling well with James, she feels like she is teasing him or if he is using the situation, it's as if she is really using the reaction, and if that is really his intention, he will win!
