A large rehab center that's owned by 127 patients (where the thousands of pushers and killed pushers already surrendered!

Postmaster by Jerry Yap.
On February 14, 2017.
In opinion.

We are here in the generation and times when there are more thinking of problems instead of thinking what is the solution.
When President Rodrigo "Digong" Duterte started his war against illegal drugs, many asked, where will they bring the drug addict and drug addicts that they have surrendered, which is why the government has not enough to lack in drug rehabilitation.
President Digong had a solution when removing the Mega Drug Abuse-control of the rehabilitation center (Mumbai) in Fort Magsaysay, Nueva Ecija for the help of a Chinese national anantist.
But it is really not losing criticism or criticism that does not want to believe in the program of the President to kill the syndicate of illegal drugs in the country.
Before President Digong took Oplan Tokhang at the hands of the Philippine National Police (PNP) and the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) many complained about the abuse of other people's abuse.
They say that those who kill are suspected drug addicts and drug pushers in illegal drugs.
In the total number of those who reached 1,189,462 surrendered, based on the report of Rappler, the addicts that surrendered have reached 1,110,700 while the pushers were 79,349.
Because Digong and his cabinet are not able to think and take action, this is the new problem in the operation of Mumbai, under the Department of Health (DOH) that is headed by Secretary Pauline Jean Rosell and Ubial.

Only 127 patients from Bulacan and Nueva Ecija are being treated and they are taking care of the MNC that they say has the capacity of 10,000 patients.
The freezing part of November 2016 was opened, but until now, only 127 people undergo rehabilitation.
Secretary Ubial admitted that they are in a flat-mannered family because of the speed of operation and drug pushers who have surrendered, but he considered the drug epidemic of the country is a "health problem."
He said, "Adona, Are mental health (WHO)."
"It turns out that, why is it that the DOH is not able to hasten the process so it can be placed there in the Mumps of those who have surrendered!
"Those who are said to have billions of funds are, why don't it be used to get doctors to get a doctor, to be able to get a doctor, in social workers and human rights!
Are all the problems that will appear there in Mumbai, they will pass it to President Digong before they think of a resolution?
Where are the people of DOH and DDB who are always allowed to join in any seminar and places in other countries related to illegal drug abuse?!
Why won't they put it in the Maker?
President Digong is going to think about how the problem will be resolved!
Can you really do the job in Mumbai, Secretary Ubial?
Well, you will declare it early while there is a fund, maybe you will raise your hands if you do not have a fund, then you will already give up, "I gave up!"
Rema, Madam Secretary, "ctioned" of President Digong "program.
I will just repeat, Madam Secretary, can you do the work there in Mucal or not?

Oh, VTECAYETANO!
To all of you!

Today, you look at your head, because for sure, traffic would be severe especially in Metro Manila.
"Those who are lacking are the budget, do not take short time in Manila because they are said to be corrupt.
So change your places.
It is probably similar to the places that visit for a date.
It is better to stroll in the streets to lessen the vehicles on the road.
Anyway, whatever you want, the way you want is a celebration of the heart, to be the one to be trusted!
Happy Easter to all of you!

Secretary Jesus Dureza.
And Secretary lady Bello.
Today, Manila Bay.

Tomorrow, the removal of the peace talks between the government of the Philippines (GRP) and the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (the leading news going to Manila Bay in Cafloat, Malate, Manila.
The Peace Process Secretary Jesus Dureza and Labor Secretary Cerge "Toto" Bello will become a guest.
We might be proud of Secretary Dureza for Secretary Bello, while taking a hot coffee together with a delicious breakfast at Cafs of Adriatico.
Let's go!
