
Already a movie.

By Rolando Nana, July 25, 2012.

Rebalde of the barangay hall (Orvil Awards, 2012.

Last June 29 to July 3, 2012, the Film Development Council of the Philippines gathered the first Batasang Pambansa in Davao City.

In his anger, even the traditional medal that was made by the altar when the teacher destroyed his wife, and because of the heavy rainfall, the teacher was forced to go to a butterfly knife, and it was found out that the teacher got angry because the teacher destroyed it.

It is dancing to the teacher in the downpour of rain to remove the anger of Sir.

This is a unique movie by Orvil Awards together with three other movies from Mindanao Alch on the first Batasang Pambansa - because of the influx of stories from the most under the international region with indie films.

Nevertheless, there are two issues that should be considered in the movies they should consider in the Batasang Pambansa.

First, the search and use of people from the region are being investigated due to the implementation of the movie, in the case of Tamorong Primero, which is from the writers, region, and the author is needed to be implemented in the writers.

The ability of the movie is the capacity of its capacity to make its own space which is being made into a disadvantage or for the case to be under the amount of eagerness, what is not being made into a unique house.

Although the location, a person, and courted, in the entire region, what you can imagine is that the province of Rizal, Nueva Ecija or Quezon.

It is not in the level of crystal meth, which is like the eheals of the Department of Tourism but in the level of New Davao airport in the movie of Sanchez and Robin Hood's movie, Balane (2010), which is considered to have a way of progressing and being stopped.

What they are going to make are the issues being made of the movie, Tamorong Primero, which is very effective in the media's story, and just like what was said to be an effective location of the media's media, and just like what was said to be an effective location of a different location and to be touched by the story.

The second issue is about the lack of transfer of knowledge in the area, and most of all, people who are given to the movies, but because it is a movie that you have seen in Metro Manila, many of the indigenous people in a secluded place, and other people, will not need to be discussed, a lot of cellphones in secluded places, and others.

In the movie, it is like a foreigner who has given the details in the details: The circle of diegging is now that the society is anxious and it has a medical motivation to family relations with the movie.

In need, if possible, a more study in the community can be found out and motivation to a story in the movie, especially if it is from the region.

It should be considered that the media's media is focused on the featured situation that will cover up all kinds of elements who are asked to think about it, which is why there is no longer a sudden loss, and it is sad to say, of a total movie.

The potential is not a thorough analysis, and this is the start of the danger caused by the criticisms that they are emotional, which is why there is still no need to study and to listen to the recognition given by the Pambansang Kamao (National Railways) because this is the reason that he is not being given protection in the trend of making movies in the country.

Before that's the way to make a movie, which is as if we study the society taking of movies, in easy words, which is the way to study the society.
