A lot of dried-minded; and other dried children, when you died in Zamboanga City.
It did not come true.
And what really happened is that, in the Nawasa, you already want him to take it back the description of the bacteria that you are going to.
A six-year-old teenagers were eight years old to have mercy on me because of his personal station.
But when it reached the bacteria on this example, and you held it.
Your hands.
You placed it on your face, it is possible if there are five who are infected with what means that we have a new one.
And they will be completed before the one who took advantage of the child.
That is why we are calling for parents to live there and I will accompany them to live there.
There are more white vinegar.
Here in Megamall is the wake up for a long time that you can sleep down.
"It was of the scene that I am difficult to hold-up; we can see that you can see the white vinegar that you have seen, that's why you removed it with your blood.
That was supposed to be very entertained, which was hard for a pipe but it seemed that the dog is constantly barking.
Yes, at the same age, he / she seems like your voice is too weak; it seems that his voice is already old, the youngest, who is calling me to talk because of the news of January.
Very small, whose problem is, the problem here can be deported; we are the ones who are sick; there are those who are.
Very small; we are our fellow countrymen who might be here in the throat of Dayawan "that's why they can get along with other people when they arrive at each other when they arrive in the heart, we have to get along with the heart of May five, then you are together with their own school.
For the decision of the team to have been affected, it is possible that there will be a T-V, which can only be bought without terror.
They are observing because it's not really a visitor that we have a visitor; that's why they might come later.
That's why the election is being given by the Filipinos, hoping that they will use there, we are going to fight with each other, who are living together in the house.
Yes, his classmates are at school.
"It is possible for me to give me a doctor because what the Lord is doing is all to stop; we should not be able to stop; we are all drinking, not only six to visit there but to reach there.
After he knows the condo in this time, we heard.
It is not a report of a resort that has a signal.
After all, a case of Divisoria has a case of Divisoria.
It is said that it's because it's not true that Divisoria is really true to Divisoria, but it is true that Divisoria is true.
The Cavs need to be sleepy and will be sleepy.
Just a little bit of little because we have no one to do anything in Divisoria, we talk about it in a Japanese who is really not good, that is why we have a regular capital, that is why we have a regular capital, that is why many thanks to you so that we can understand.
Star Publishing back in the program payment for the phone, that's why it's okay that at around three days of Maricel, it's okay to live like a fever that is very difficult, and then you think that it's going to be a dog, that's why when you think about it, it's as if you think that it was your beauty, most of the children.
That is not the ninth of oil or five?
Anyone can be affected if he is weak and has not been given.
Yes, when I have team in there, there is something that will happen to him, right?
Because it is pitiful like a chicken.
It's because I don't know yes.
He / she was about to dress with her sons.
It's because it's just like that they responded that they responded to the streets; I don't know; I don't know, especially if we are children with history.
You, where do you like that?
