Monitor dengue, leptospirosis.

While many are carrying a collision about politics, Bro, let us give attention to the diseases that go to us this rainy season.
Especially the dengue and leptospirosis.
Although these are treated, there are still many who die and of course, many use hunger and suffering.
Especially if the majority of those who are hit are poor.
Some record.
Let us see some record, Bro, about this illness.
This August, someone was hit by dengue, 2,166 in Zamboanga and the Lord took 15 to 15.
Those who are hit and die in other provinces are still different.
We are following the leptospirosis patients and there was an report that died in Bacolod City.
But last October 2013, what happened was bad that started the month of January.
There are more than 131,000 cases of dengue and his 470 pesos.
With leptospirosis, there is a case of 1,964 and the Lord took her up to 7.
That is how dengue and leptospirosis are.
So we should not be complacent about it, especially this rainy season when our illness gets worse.
Almost all.
Study, Bro, those assigned to hospitals that are sick of dengue and leptospirosis.
The patients have reached three weeks in the hospital.
If the patients can live, the amount of expenses for three weeks will be severe.
Moderate to P30 is the expenses for this.
But for the poor, this is only for the poor while the rich would reach hundreds of pesos to millions.
What if the two were hit, three or the whole family?
Only except for these expenses, money and payment for those watching.
If you are a worker, two or three months of salary.
That's why it is certain that you are going to run for those who are going to run and choose to ask for help.
And that is where you are standing in debt.
20,000 pesos in the funeral parlor.
You are already dead, you will not be forgiven by the funeral home.
In the provinces, it is possible that you will not use the funeral home and can no longer be blessed by the priest that will also accept the drop of Holy Spirit in your body if you want to be frugal.
Just call Manang and you will wear a rosary within nine days and rice may only give me coffee and rice cakes, you will give them up to 40 years.
But there is really additional expenses, when they are unlucky in the hospital.
You will have to pay up to the hospital of 20,000 pesos to 30,000 pesos in taking care of the patient, this is also what they are going to file against you in the funeral home.
The expenses went to the wake.
So, in total, Bro, you will lose P40,000 to cost P80,000.
If you are a worker who takes care of the salary, for a few years of asking for your illness or death?
Mario has been declared.
We just cry to the news and come to us who are asking for help.
Many cases are not being taken to the hospital because they have no money to pay, even to the morgue, but they were unlucky.
If the corpse will be released, many are posted on the burial because the victims cannot save the right time for this.
That is why what you are doing is too much.
Some run to captain, mayor, Glamang, DSWD, PCSO and others.
In Manila, carrying a relative to ask for alms from a jeepney driver will bring alms from the jeepney drivers.
Why will it be that the burial will not be released if there will be no death certificate from hospitals, municipal hall and others because of the lack of payment.
Luckily, those who are helping the dead are just lucky.
But if there is an end with the police, you are dead.
The burial of the burial will reach your burial.
"Oh, right?
What are the things to do?
To avoid or lessen our illnesses or too much suffering from these diseases, it is good to speak properly.
First, do not let go to the barangays health centers so we will know the symptoms of these diseases.
If we have some symptoms, we need to go to these centers and consult a doctor.
Do not rush with the strength of these, especially if children, elderly, pregnant, and sick are the symptoms of these.
If you will only take action if it is an emergency, you are dead.
Second, your knowledge will greatly help how you get this illness.
It is said that from mosquitoes with dengue, while from the urine of rats and other animals, there are leptospirosis.
But how to solve or avoid mosquitoes that are just in our surroundings and how to fight the lesson that is really being thrown and spreading especially in flood?
You will also get tired.
Third, do not forget relationships.
Our fellowmen, neighbors, and our household help are still different in the fight against these diseases.
Others will run to us in the hospital, we will surface during times of need and ready to help even without exchange.

Ultimatum at Benny Antiqua.

