Patrolling, July 14, 2012.

Focus on love is the real love caused by it, two souls that became one of the care and haunt from each other.

Saturday morning, like before, there are many patients at the nearest clinic in Barangay Kovalev.

My name is Roselyn Cruz, and as a nurse who is assigned here, his duty, breathing and some of the questions about their illness, and he is requesting to rush the treatment in his right thumb, and she is requesting to rush the treatment of her every 30 minutes.

I asked him to ask him first, and after a few moments, I tried to find her situation in my opinion, it's more than one hour that she will wait a doctor that will look at her.

Every time, I kept my seat, it is noticeable that she is anxious over and often at the reason why I am not busy with a patient, I thought to take care of it to know if you need to remove the web of his wound in the thumb.

The wound is already great, that's why I easily talked to a doctor to remove the weave lies.

I prepared equipment and some medicine for them to completely fix it.

While I was cleaning his thumb, I asked the old man why she was in a hurry to leave.

His response to me is that he needs to reach the right time at the house of the elderly (nursing) so that her husband has been living in the house for a long time, I asked her husband for a long time.

In his calm response to me, "I did not know him anymore, in fact, I did not know him again, but when I left him again," I forced me to stop him again, "I forced me to stop him again," I tried to stop me again, "I tried to stop my tears," I tried to stop myself, "this is the type of love that I want to happen in my life."

That's why he / she was able to step down.

True love is not a physical or romanticism of your true love is the acceptance of whatever it is in a relationship, and what will happen in a relationship, but this is more than 50 percent of importance, concern, and great love for each other.

Jesse Guda.

City of Balanga, Bataan.

Postanes and Jesse Guda.

And 8: 46.
