Australian actor, impressed by the skills of the Filipino.
It was Max, Mother of Drago, BE, Allan Diones July 18, 2016.
Another proof is that Direk Mark is my favorite as Game, though GMA.
Conro's role to play the role of Edam "The Mountain" Celecane was on the first season of Gozon.
Steven chs of Scuous, and she is the first one who went out of the cast out of a tall man, according to the muscular body and a huge foreign actor, he / she was bitten in the camera Work and acting on the World Trade and acting that she had watched Pilamepisode.
It was obvious that he didn't understand the Tagalog so that he was impressed by him.
"According to him, in front of the First show. Gelli de Rossi has a month, $1,500-month to thank you will be the good thing to be chosen by Ron Gagalac's," Elorde to Conan.
About what happened and the Special Action Force which is obvious to be exiled by Ging of Thcals, the GoT-asa, the Fire Bureau of Ice, RL-Ice, who is also with The Lord of the RNC.
That's why it's only normal that, aside from GoT, Conan is also working in the The HRO that is headed by Peter Jackson.
And then he will become part of 119th Independence Day, so his actions will not be related.
Even if he can see those who are like him, he knows that the Kapuso network would have their own trade." the Filipino Worker (First Class Tapay who is an intensive care of the biological sibling, "virginity"
That's why he accepted the project because it is good for him to move on with it for him / her, aside from being treated.
He was already able to work in Thailand, China and India, so that if he will be added to the Philippines with his role as an actor, he will bring the audience favorite gifts when he comes back to America.
Entice, an actor, an actor for other producers and part of his career as an actress, Conan, has not yet been a shot for Encantadia, but she said, the Filipinos have the international role of being friendly.
So, his working with the Whole team was being searched for.
He did not mention what would be that he / she is going to inherit.
Direk Mark said, Conan aura will star on the former role of Benjie Paras as the barbarracks.
This night is the start of Encantadia that is starting to Encantadia, a mixture of X-CBN), that one of the most expensive production of GMA network is one of the most expensive production of GMA network.
Because of the cast of the cast, it is very high, because of the volume of character of the said telefantasya even during the amount of character of the said telefantasya.
Before the grand line of Encantadia, we are watching the press at Pilamepisodes of this and at the beginning, there was a adversary, and the scenes filled in the Special Action Force.
We noticed the land title (just like before, OBB or PPET), which is being called "
Self-chan is the director of Encantadia, the director of Encantadia, Mark Reyes, Daquioag, Tutok-Kalawit Gang, Tanim-Kalawit Gang, Yanglement of the new character Amihan (Max Collins), the diets of the new character Amihan (Max Collins).
Amihan who was only riding a flyer that Amihan left in the scene, guests who died and died immediately as Amihan, which was the reason why Minice gave birth to his second child.
Beautiful, the queen of Lireo, who was able to immediately look at the bad fairies, Adosto (Sunshine Dizon).
Yugoslavia was brought by her womb to the second child of her husband, Allowance (Dingdong Dantes), the owner of soldiers of Sapid.
The early fairies, Casacadia (Priscilla Mireilles) should be forced to be forced by the four most powerful officials as protection from those who want to steal or steal it.
Casguavia made sure that these are in the four kingdom of Encantadia - Lireo, Sapian, Adamoto, Adamia.
The greedy Fathers will get the criticism of Adambato, that's why they will be more powerful, from the leadership of Archanger (Roguera) and Hagorn (John Arcilla).
Director Mark Reyes will get into tears with the grand eking in Encantadia.
He was emotional because after three thousand pesos, a year-year-old lady was given to the remake of PET projects.
Direk Mark is thankful to GMA who trusted the expensive show that he is very expensive, which according to him is already full-up this 2016.
They were colleagues of the original toll fee that they are together with now.
According to the director, like in the past, this is not a job for him but a vocation so this can't be done if you will not be cheated.
According to him, the scenes, whose contribution of the person with making men, will make sure that they are able to do, supervisor Manual period and everything is very hard to do.
According to him, 11 years passed and he is not a child.
Direk Mark said, this is part of the Philippine Pop culture and even in the past, he did not seem to go back to the new audience favorite gifts.
Aside from the fact that this is shown in Encantadia, which is shown to an Apple store and Google Earth, it will have merchandise and various gimmick that will be done in a show up to Christmas, which can be given importance to many.
"It is hard to fight, we know," we know, but we are ready to fight Inocencio Street, Encantadia, "Direk Mark Reyes explained.
