
April Rafaels of the New PMA 805,: My personally.

April Rafales' Day (April 1) is a popular day where it is normal to say that it is normal to say, that those who are nonsense, and those who are weak will be held on this day.

What Recana Day is called in the PMA due to the day that most of the new-minded people are able to choose what to say.

I am also one of those who just want to fool you because I thought there is a restaurant and it is like there is a background where your entire body can be eaten, "or" No. "" And "No." "And" No. "" And "No."

Vikings Cadet (3rd Year), I have experienced that when I experienced being a member of those who are calling the new cadet that was called by the PMA (KFRG that has been given to the new cadets of the PMA.

That afternoon was too hot but the wind was still cold when we were on top of the arrival of the new Pakalbo (1st Infantry Batallion) that we can make a taste of the 'private military for the first time.

In our conversation before, we want to make it up to our experience that would be fooled by Recana that we thought was when there was a lot of delicious food.

"Let us look at who did not take the face of the shock and shock from the first anniversary of the military training," said a boyfriend.

"We will see the type of people who don't know what to do and take a tear for so long," said one.

It can be remembered that we saw the names of the people we were talking about that day, because the Pregoner were doing the first name of the people who became a member of the squad that they were.

Because of its price ation, we are telling us that we will be called to our real name if we become a member of the military especially for the client.

Sometimes, Recana Day is still scattered because of this, there are First name and his name who can be in exchange of something happening with the name Cadet Juan Melchor.

In the opinion of Cadet Melchor, the one made a mistake or made his uniform his uniform its uniform its ground and Melchor said to be put in the name Match, Jum.

To the shouting that I like team leader, of course, we read the name that is being experienced in the chest that's why it is Peso bo: "Juites, who fight!"

Of course, the bark was faster because it does not want to vow.

"What used to be an expert, why do you not want to mend it?"

The eyes were full of fear because of the ghost she saw, that Sbo: "Sir, I was not Juan!" I was identified as Melchor! "You were dead.

If Recana Day is able to explain to us, it is also said that this is the same way for the ranks of 2nd First Class pets that he has to set up for the cadet for the first time.

All of us can be the ones who can be blamed for the Organized Crime Operatives), which will be held held by Borromeo Tapalla, the same ground of PMA for those who took advantage of it.

Recana's Day is one of the opted to be talked about by the elderly retired General when we see each other in any occasion.

If you can see soldiers who are laughing at one corner, probably included in the agreement is the experience of April Rafales' Day.
