On Saturday, we will go home to school if Janet does not have anything to have a mother-in-law, the signal that goes to Santa Ana to save the person who wants to go to Santa Ana to save the people so that somehow I can do it.
In his business, it seems that there are no more lost from the children beside the road to understand them as our highest-in-law in the other hand, who are like a river that was eaten by a Filipina like a Filipina.
Some are radiation and above.
In horse race.
Upon arriving for it, there would be a lot of water for the grandfather's door.
They are happy if they look at the man's other hand.
Just drink water between playing with a tree for snacks of this child in spite of it.
This is what's sad.
You can get from the water from the water.
!
Accurate!
What is good.
I got wet.
You are still playing.
To be happy.
They are not yet able to escape because they have no idea, whose legs are cut off.
The three-year-old child was closed by a barangay councilor, because he was not able to make sure that he / she was not able to make sure that he / she was able to take care of his stomach because he said that he saw worms are thin.
It was more intense for the child to get out with the amount of his care when they heard the nose of their mouth when they have to make him drink 'car when the agreement was also last night, which was why the healthy front was also liked.
That's why.
Tel.
At the same age, thank you for a love for you to be carried away by a true two of the University of the Philippines, five-four-four-four-four-four-four youths.
Only four o'clock.
Last four o'clock in the age of the children.
There will be an amount of amount now that will lead to the side.
The continue to decide for my last weight is lacking from him.
And to weaken four from school different kinds of worms can still ride in the stomach of a person who can be able to carry out that you are going to carry out that you are going to be able to hear that you are going to be able to hear that you are going to have a wound that can be brought to us, "Cebu, so, he will now be able to hear that it will continue to get it.
Do that, when you are eating, the first one who took worms will be fetched by worms, Minoras and 27 years old; and it's almost five o'clock; we thought that many would go back to the entrance.
"What might be, for the sake of the doctors, the doctors are loyal to the doctors even the hole of the pan and the worst condition that comes from the path of wind.
If you are in a motorcycle with a person now, if an example is your whole afternoon, you are at the same afternoon, that we are calling the barangay to be spoken or will be spoken to by the river, you say I still have no income, but it is possible.
It has also been an example of this March that this year in Makati is the common worms in the Makati for a long time when two years have passed away from the house for a long time, the time they will learn from the house is a long time and it is possible that they will not even if it rains.
By a boarding.
It was the House's problem even if the teachers and the authorities are full of help with the children what should have been done after four years, Sarah spoke many more than the increase of no unique camp.
Which is why there are things that are beneficial.
He / she said that he / she was alone and went on!
We are even those.
We are former escorts.
For four children, they are not kids yes to the children.
I hope that if I can push through, the things that I want will push through, but they say yes.
Of December.
To be an ally.
Okay.
The drug for gas should be for free, can't be able to get the center that is why they have been saying that it is good for the children to say that this is a good problem for the children, which is why they say that it is true that there are people who have not thought about it, are the people who have not thought about it, are the ones who are prohibited to see each other, are they really in the belief that they are going to have no reaction to the children.
It is said that it is not rain here on the paper where they have said even if they have grown old, it is just near here that they will look for what they are going to find.
There is a so that they are going to cook Vive.
I should tell the parents who have decided to go out and go to their bodies for their children to remain in their bodies.
