The call for the youth on the Independence Day.

Calm to us, innocent or not yet alive during the time of the military and the United States in the Philippines, we did not witness how our country can be put in danger of the United States in Vietnam and Korea.
But we were able to catch the Visiting Forces Agreement (VFA) and the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) to offer the Americans in the islands of Kalayaan (Spratly Islands) and Bajo de Masinloc.
The colonization of China is also set on the island of Kalayaan in building their facilities in the island that will not be allowed to fish in our ocean because of the threats of the Chinese.
And do not forget the destruction of our national wealth in Palawan last 2013 because the USS Guardian wants to have a poisonous chemical in our sea and violation of the rights of the people every time the annual Balikatan operation was held.
In the hour that our Pambansang Kamao is in danger of danger because of the entry of foreigners, it is our duty as a citizen and to defend the country from the colonization and violation of our freedom and sovereignty.
The concern of the people by the people on the early part of the country will be sent back to the early part of the Philippines and we continue to pursue the VFA and EDCA, we will not allow the VFA and force to launch a war in Asia-Pacific.
The youth are calling for the youth and people who have love and concern for the nation to defend their wealth and nature, his freedom and freedom from foreign corruption and its destruction.
The role of the youth in our call and fight is important that the young age is not a hindrance in the national release such as Andres Bonifacio and Emilio Jacinto who are all of their youth to launch a revolution against the Spanish tourists.
That's why it's better for us to go with and act on the 25th of June on the embassy of China in Makati and United States in Manila to show our unity in fighting and insisting the foreigners.
The Independence Day is coming in the coming All Soul's Day, with the wide ranks of the Filipinos, who are celebrating and insist on the national sovereignty and integrity of our country, no one else will defend our country but his citizens.
