The allegation of the AFP is allegedly the commemoration of the election of BHB) who attacks PKP.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
April 29, 2013.

The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) attacked the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) in the crooked propaganda, which is where the New Kyoto, "asserted that there is no rules in the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the democratic governance."

Just this past few days, Major Genual Jose Mabingnay, Commander of the 3rd Infantry Division, assigned in the island of Negros and Panay, "half of all currently playing with politics," in his post, "paid for the protection of the Botchok."

"The most important goal of the rules of the democratic country in relation to the current election is fixing the campaign of the election in the area of jurisdiction of its jurisdiction," the PKP, "said the PKP," said the PKP, "the PKP," said that they should be forced to follow these policies. "

"It is not going to sell the implementation of the Bugnay of the rules of the democratic government budget," said the KP.

"In their own decision, it is a big majority of the contestants in the upcoming election, the authorities are talking with the bush in order to have a possible agreement in relation to the cooperation and improvement of their activities.

"The revolutionary force of the candidates for the elections are trying to support the struggle of the masses for the reform the land, do the programs that are beneficial for the people, to protest about the privatization of the citizens, to protest about the privatization of the foreign flag against foreign contacts."

The coordination and cooperation between the candidates for the election and the owners of the democratic government fund is being implemented by any element of the blame and most important of acknowledging politics and the end of the end. "

"The KP has repeatedly clarified the policy that it is not joining or not even reason why it is not enough for the candidates who are working and coordinating with the indigenous people who are coordinating with the nearest authorities in the jurisdiction of the government agencies."

"The mother strongly believes that there are politicians who are under the places under the authorities of the government agencies to avoid the suspension of the participants, make sure that peace and order and what the citizens are going to are."

However, the political leaders who are going to do not want to follow rules and not going to follow rules and other criminal syndicates, those who are implicated in the illegal drug syndicates, those who are involved in the illegal drug syndicates, those who are oppressed and taking advantage of the people, are those who are oppressed and taking advantage of the people. "

"The opposite of the rules of the BHB) even if the AFP is active under its own laws, using the armed forces to scare the citizens in supporting the candidates' enemies' as well as the enemies of the citizens."
