
He was locked in Riyadh, she was able to go home.

From Facebook account of Bantay, meow, Joseph Ledesma, JL), who was imprisoned in Riyadh, K.A.
One more than half a year has been working in the restaurant by her employer, Alel Alamlodipine, she said that their salary was not right and not followed by their contract.
They were able to receive good salary in the first month, but when the business runs not good, until it was bankrupted and eventually passed, they had no salary given to each other.
Their salary was no longer given to their last month in the said restaurant, until he was still able to discuss his salary, he said, the manager of the restaurant and his former boss, Balos, said that he would not allow the former boss, until he said that he was already given a new restaurant.
Just find someone else for him to be JL and has reached for two years more than two years but he also does not like him, his working permits in Saudi.
After his contract, she talked again to the former employer, Aler, which was even raised by the Philippines.
But the answer of her employer, he said, he should pay JL because he paid his hair to a plane ticket to Saudi, including his mission to Clark international restaurant.
But JL is opposed to everything, according to him, he said, the expenses mentioned by her employer has lessened all his salary when he worked in the two restaurant.
It was year 2011 when he already asked the Labor Secretary JL.
According to JL, they went to Rentanglement and he gave the money she was asking for by the former boss, because he promised her to speed up and bring her to the airport, in exchange for his exit and Gaming Corporation.
The belief of JL, which is the belief of fulfilling the discussion, is that instead of going to the airport, he brought her and then transferred to Riyadh Jail.
There are two (2-month-old JL and he wants to take care of his case as soon as possible with his case there to be with his family a very long time when he did not see him.
According to JL, it was the last news from our embassy, exit Cutud, it means that he was also given by former newsreader, exit Clearance, which he applied for exit visa.
Meow, meow, in the office of Secretary Rosalinda Baledt of DOLE this case.
Labor Atsuko Nay Dickinson was quick to act and through with his communication with the Labor Atsuko Nido, 2014), he was happy to go home last Wednesday (April 2, 2014) our family, who is now together with his family.
Thank you very much for you to continue focusing on cases brought up by Bantay, meow.
