
Aquino Et's by the CIA?

Aside from Pres. Rodrigo Duterte sent the failed operation, wherein 44 members of the Special Action Force of the Philippine National Police were killed while they are still being hunted by the Indonesian bombing, Zulfiant, alias Marwan last January 25, 2015, or two years ago.
It's because President Duterte is not contented with the results of the investigation that has been discussed in the Minority Floor of the tragedy that happened.
The style is, military and MILF are having their own responsibility so up to now there is still no clarity on who really should be responsible for the lives of the killed police.
Duterte has a part of the operation conducted by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) of America that they should take advantage of the blame for former President Noynoy Aquino and former PNP Chief General Alan Purisima because of hiding the entire truth in the tragedy that happened that caused the death of 60 people including 44 commandos who were members of the SAF.
The truth is, when the said tragedy happened, we strongly believes that, even other colleagues in the media, in the statement of former President Noynoy, who was being hunted by the members of the PNP-SAF where they are being hunted by the Indonesian bombing, alias Marwan in a secluded area in Mamasapano, Maguindanao.
But without the knowledge of all, he is anxious over and has no own decision to ask one of the AFP officials who asked what he will do after reaching him that the 44 police commandos of the SAF (PNP which they sent to chase Marwan were killed.
Aside from Noynoy and Purisima, President Duterte also involved former DILG Secretary Mar Roxas as to why he allowed the 44 SAF and why he did not waste time to give justice to the murder of them.
They should only be imprisoned and will rot in prison because instead of them, who should be the first to defend the rights of our soldiers, they are the ones who make them!!
Huh!
We are just dead there, and there is no one dead here who will be going to find a barangay in the city of Quezon.
One alias Bombay is said to be scattered when there are problems in their illegal business.
Until now, these are still scattered in Masambong, Barangay, Oriental, F.Carlos, Kaingin, Bukid, Wayan and San Fernando, but until now, the police is blind and deaf.
Why?
Isn't it?
Other criticism or complaints, text 09189274,09,728,728061948 or an email about the PL. JUPP-5.
