
Thursday, July 17, 2014.

The hair to responsibility.

The hair to responsibility.

Gregorio V. stars Jr.

I do not personally know it, because it is my own political ambition, they can only see that it is my personal crusade but I am not applying for myself.

That is their allegation, accusations or criticism, or maybe he is always seen with me, especially when I am in personal gratitude, it is like this is not an political duty.

Yes, even if I have personal interests, who joined the topic in love, but the majority of political, who are coordinating with society, poverty, struggle, women, rotten system, and they get the changes.

It might only be personal appearance, because I want to make the comments on different issues of society, including the beliefs, principle that is difficult to do so they just settle for free the Spaniards or free education in English language.

Perhaps his appearance is personal because it is what I chose to use, but I want to share the comments that I want to share to the social activities, including the principle that I want to hug with the changes I want.

What he is seeing is not the content of it but if they are just reading it, it is not just a good appearance, it is not just a good looks like this, it is good to look at its depths of it, so that it will not be clear if it is over-satier or good manners.

The message to reflect on the call for treatment of the majority of citizens is a responsibility for the masses to change the needs of unity to change the equipment of society, to change the equipment of the society, to change the relationships of the people without taking advantage of it.

I will continue to connect to the Pacific Ocean because I will continue what is accustomed to the image of Balagtas and Batiles, who can play a long journey towards the Middle East which will arrive with a long journey towards the Middle East.

I have a dream to make a barrier like what happened at Balagtas and Batiles, but based on history and struggle of type of workers, I think, when I have published it, I may have been happy.
