Ellen, is the fuck of Vin!
By Dondon Servando, January 5, 2017.
The happy days in the vacation of Ellen Adarna is over and he is going back to work, and she needs to lose weight, because of all that he has done, he / she was really getting sick.
"According to him, PO 1 ela.i'll be back to 10: 00 to the evening.

Number of those who are discontentarse, number of high blood pressure, "according to Ellen on her Instagram post, while he was looking at her body, that even if he / she even said that he / she has more weight, it is still overflowing of his beauty, okay!
Of course, like before, there are those who have been the image of Ellen's beauty, but, there are also many who refuse, and it seemed like she was grossed out of what she did when she had a child, but this was the post of Ellen.
"Because of all those who get tired from this woman, it seems like I don't want this woman anymore, it seems that I don't like anything, even though your mother and father are naked.
Then, Ellen was not able to resist, that is why he / she was able to make him mad at her being irritated with his sexy image.
"According to Senior Police Officer 3-M-3: 45, of those who get tired," don't just sit here in Kalapati, "don't just laugh here, hahaha!" Is considered by Ellen.
Anyway, as of now, Ellen is now busy reading the movie Moalliances, Baler, she is the one who has been led by Vin Abrenica in the movie, okay!
The scene of Vin is also when Ellen was worried about Ellen, because he was really fed to a young lady.

Moalliances, Baler was received by T-Rex Entertainment Television, whose story comes around two important Events Place in the World War 11, and EDSA Revolution.
The movie Elizabeth Madrigal Street, Sophie Albert, Daria Ramirez, and from the pen of Eric Ramos, and revealed to the pen of Eric Ramos, and this is a clear month to show a new year's Day in FFF, okay!

In Baler Aurora taken the movie, the story started with a Japanese journalist (who is Vin) to visit Baler, after he attacked EDSA Revolution.
Vin is similar to the soldier who is a great love of a teacher (Elizabeth), who died in the war.

Vin is also the one who has a child who is a soldier, and what Jel did is Elizabeth.
Who will be in a love and Vin is really the good and sexy Ellen Adarna. But, many are going to disagree with their love, what will have their love for them? "That is what they should watch as Moalliances, Baler.
