Children, Lumad are the Lumad by the conversation with DepEd, disappointed with the response of Luistro.

The children and teachers are dismayed by the alternative schools of Lumad in Mindanao that they can't be protected by Education Sec. Armin Luistro from the military attacks.
The Shuler (SOS) Network, groups, is campaigning for protection from the military from the attack of the military, which is why Luistro also seems to be protected from the reports of abuse of soldiers in their community and school.
A conversation with a conversation yesterday, December 2, the SOS Network, Luistro also used to connect their schools, but according to Madela Santiago, it seems that the military is using the group of Assistant Sec. Isabella and Umali last week.
"This is the first face of Sec. Luistro also in our place, after two years of talking with the officials of DepEd, but it is a little thing that we say that we still need to give him the complaints of the military in schools in Mindanao," Santiago said.
In a conversation, Luistro also listened to the complaint of the teachers and those who were taken from Traje Program, alternative LearchipelCenter (Alcadez), Salamiable and Rural Transit of the Philippines, who have schools in Mindanao.
They announced again to ask the military from the schools of the indigenous people in Mindanao or convince President Aquino to leave or prohibit the military to use the Lumad.
"I tried to convey the issue but I do not know if I will tell me," Luistro also explained to the group.
He also said the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) should answer the issue of the rebel New People's Army as an alternative school of the Lumad.
The secretary also encouraged to fix the documentary on the complaints and they will be given a copy of the Inter-Agency) in the Children's Agency) in the Children (Armed Forces) to discuss the complaints.
It was formed last year by Iris and Calaguas, of management of Executive (138, to focus on cases of violation of the rights of the children including the AFP and DepEd, but in the leadership of the Council for the welfare of the Council for the welfare of the Council.
According to Luistro, this is the right agency to resolve the cases filed by the SOS Network), "our agreement (SONAs)," we will transfer all of their documents and statements and we will wait for it in (NGO) agency, "he said that she took a nap.

The secretary also insisted that there is no need to have a new memorandum in order to add up or amendment to increase the implementation of Memorandum 221.
"According to him, he is not a new job or 221), because we have a job or 221), there is no public service, private, military and personnel who are not following the one to set aside," Luistro also said.
But it is supposed for additional pension for "non-military," like the "Brigada school, and there is a need to set guidelines.
For the SOS Network, it is said that this is unlikely because it is part of the insurgency and progressive programs of the government, it seems that DepEd abandoned his responsibility to protect the children.
Meanwhile, according to the source of payment from the Filipino seafarers were not allowed to speak, they have been given a copy of the documentary on the complaint of the complaint of the complaint of the owner Inter-agency in the truth, the case of Salamnesty.
As well, there is a separate mechanism that the United Nations Development Assistance Fund (Unicef) is going to meet the "six children," stated by the UN and is also included in the list or 221.
We are wondering why the children are supporting the rights of the children as to why DepEd's response to the cases is not taking advantage and repeated.
"It was surprising what Sec. Luistro also said, after he learned to listen to the affection of the children and teachers, he will go through the process of a child and a teacher," said Gabriela Rep. Emano de Jesus, who also sat in a conversation.

De Jesus also said that Luistro also said that Luistro also needs to face a conversation because Luistro also made the safety of them from his refusal to leave the military in the community.
"He should show his strength as secretary of DepEd, that is why he is for the child to give to the child.
The SOS Network added that even if they are disappointed, they will pass it to the department to implement the documentary on the violations of the parked drivers and insisted on the trash of the meter or 221.
"We will do our part and we are expecting that Secretary Luistro also will do it and he should not go to other agencies of the government in resolving the problem that we will bring to her," said Santiago.
The SONAs of Manila's town of Mindanao, the campaign of the Lumad and the group of human rights in Mindanao to be brought to Manila is the issue of widespread violation of human rights in Mindanao.
More than 300 lumads were able to get along well from Mindanao at Liwasang Bonifacio until the Independence Day of human rights on December 10.
