DA: Be safe from food.

DOC WILLIE by Doctor Willie T. Ong (Filipino Star Ngayon), PO 2 44; Usahay, November 15, 2012 - 12: 00.

There are pieces of advice given by the Food Authority (FDA) in the leadership of FDA Director General Doctor Kenneth Harper cent), Doctor Love, is a respected person who has been respected in, Pad and public schools.
According to Doctor Love, the public needs to be careful in buying food and preparation this is to avoid the illness of Shiro Food and diarrhea.
Buy food from a famous store that we cannot assure the cleanliness of the meat, challenge, and Hotdog that are only made up beside the side, analyze it well as a lot of fish to buy.
Put a mark on a mark of buying food like salt, sugar, and oil.
Avoid buying cheap or low products, there is no truth in the belief that there will be said that a few months will be released by a few months.
Read carefully what is placed in canned goods that should be pushed through English or Tagalog) and it is clear that those inside it can read what kind of product is, which is made and until when it is safe to eat.
Do not buy the canned goods because it's possible that it is possible that there are small holes that may end up with viruses.
Do not mix with the meat that is cooked in the crispiness of the cooked meat which will lead to your food in a deep hope of the crossroad, knife and the food will be placed.
Be clean in your kitchen to clean things that cooked for insects bites.
Wash the vegetables and fruits in the pouring water.
9 - eating the meat which is needed is not a blood that can be seen in the cooked meat because it is possible to be a source of viruses like E.
10 - if food will not be consumed within 2 or 3 hours, bring it back to the refrigerator so that they will not be paid.
11 - the heat of food will not be repeated again and just get enough food for you.
12 - wash your hands before eating and before getting food, being organized and clean is the primary battle that we fight against Food Park.
