The principal of Zamboanga City was able to reach a road and nine have died after being carried away by a million worth of M for almost two hundred thirty two were injured in a road and twelve thousand, which is being experienced now that the day is sad.
For the first time, from the first time, a new life in the Pacific Ocean was opened once again by the airport earlier than an airplane.
We cried and know some coming back to the town of Zamboanga.
I can't go home to whatever happens that you are stuck in here so many can see yes.
Ten people came from us in Saudi.
We were also able to get along with those he sent to the department to be the best-Break for the victims.
At the first story of the burial, we are always the children of Hong Kong what are the children from Hong Kong what are the young men but they were able to take a reserved reward in choosing them the time they were carried in Batangas City earlier this morning when there was a sudden downpour of rain.
After almost two weeks that I have closed the airport office, it is over now that we are with us, one of the first Clark that arrived in the city.
Let us finish the airplane.
President Noy Aquino is there to meet the passengers and get tired of inspiration at airport Roselle, at work, we still do not have anything here so we can help if I want to address it.
Their stores are open especially in places far from the church.
But what, the center of the Zamboanga title is still the center of the Zamboanga title.
Especially since there is still continuous control over some of the barangays.
Full-tempered; very fuck; some of them are already asleep on this day.
We were sleeping.
There is still last Tuesday that he / she was scolded by the free party-party live-in-law who is humble and has no money.
We have no sweet words what he saw.
There are many like him who are similar to those who are similar to each other; they are looking for the ones to teach to the pharmacy.
Our siblings are the whole day inside the sea and is hoping to catch a fish.
So there is something to feed their family if there is a study if there is no one.
There is no.
I know that we have a lot of questions.
The Model Shop has a big help to work hard to address the needs of the affected residents.
Including the people of Red Cross, who was hit on Friday in the middle of the game.
Back to work.
He / she grew up; he / she didn't want to wake up, I do not want to catch up.
Zero.
Ten are two there.
The reconciliation of the crooks to be disconcerns, which is why I do not need to remove or see that I saw the man beside me, whose faces are bleeding in the face of my "pork barrel.
He / she was shocked; we went to the place because we left the place because he / she went to the place because he / she went to the place because he / she didn't know that he / she got four years old when I visited her.
I can see that he is far away if his wound gets annoyed, of course, it was on top of me to ask for the fourth year.
As of now, the authorities are still having a lot of hope that the sacrifices of the town of Zamboanga would be just a little time just to return to normal.
Fuck, deport; we are giving babies.
Fur.
We here in D, meow!
There are ten people from the Philippines or when you go back to the Philippines, he said that if we go back to the country, it is not yet clear now that their lives will not return to normal but all of these are hoping that this will happen again as soon as possible.
