On the first day of Rio + 20 in Brazil and nature, do not sell.

By contribution.
June 20, 2012.

The nature Partylist was against the "Green banc" which is being pushed by big countries and tourists in Rio + 20.
The environment should not be erased in order to sell a few: This is the message of the members of the nature Partylist which launched this morning of protests in front of the embassy of the US in Manila, as cooperation of the second United Nations Conconference of the United Nations Consortium (LRTMC) in Rio.
The nature Partylist opposed the "Green banc" which is being pushed by big countries and businesses in Rio + 20, to achieve the balance of the development and nature, water, infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure, tourism and cities.
Those who are pushing for this need to be decided to go to the world to Green banc due to the amount of two percent of international domestic helper or GDP, but instead of to ensure that it is based on the orders of a corporation, according to Francisco in Quimson, general secretary of nature Partylist.
Included in the Green banc, the price and services of nature (like the wind, water, animals and plants), that it means that it will be easy to give importance to the privatization of the privatization of the privatization of the Public Works, service or product it means that it will give more the privatization of the Public Works and products, he added.
The Green fee is going to be brought about by the policies of nature and against people who will open the new projects that can earn a lot of calamity, and the economic crisis which becomes the cause of the climate of the world, and the destruction of our surroundings, "he said.
For the nature list, the Philippines will build a national economy, to defend their natural resources from more destruction and corruption, and push the real progress for the people and nature.
Rio + 20, a House which aims to set the path of international economy, will happen from June 20-21, 2012, this is the first gathering of the government of different countries after the first Rio Earth Summit in 1992, two decades ago.
Meanwhile, some of the leaders of the nature Partylist were about to bring the call of the Filipino people inside and outside or outside, Quimson and Chappelle, Jr., their president.
