Then when he gave yesterday.
"We are also thankful in your campaign so that we will walk to the country, especially for ordinary moments when we want to fulfill our weapon for a long time so that our country will really be able to fulfill their strength; that is why our country will really be able to fulfill it so that our country will not be able to fulfill it; we will really be able to fulfill our country.
It is okay for a long time that it is easy for ten to really feel and come to anywhere.
Very short; he / she and "epal."
A personal depends on the heat.
I am a virgin.
Dequia of five million budget that you eat at five million budget, we should have a huge amount that can be given to a few million pesos in line, two of the products.
Employment Opportunity or four o'clock in the same age, whose older sister received a condo that we have received a condo that's why we also have a lot to fulfill the projects that can be achieved by the projects.
Covetous, fur.
To prove that he is four Father Ed.
They are doing well-tempered; only four o'clock in the right age, which can be done with different kinds of rice, but the fried rice first.
Just like Intel security operation, do you not really do not really pay attention to these.
Our truth is.
Very small; he / she said that I am going to be stupid; we can see that our ten-year-old president really felt that we really feel his ten-year-old and M for him to have a bus terminal.
There was a new law in Republic Act four.
"What will be done on the first thing to be done with the second Model station.
For the span of five million pesos.
Ah, so that you will continue to be able to buy one of your former do, like a person who will be able to buy at a "eagitated fishes.
How can we understand our former four?
Fuck, dearse, and this is where our owners are infected with us.
The Model Shop is very busy between the new law enforcers who will be included in the new law enforcers who will be able to force and will be forced in the scene that the program is in my office is the higher one who made the program.
For the long time I have told you my nagging now, ah, we must have been identified as Naty years old whom we have four years old but we have only four four-years old whom we prioritize.
Project for-for.
And that is just because of this.
In a month of month, like what I can say is the covetous of us, but it is DepEd hhh "who will complain.
What we took here is that we are in line; we can make sure that, ah, Intelligence Surveillance Response Consignation should be said that we have something to monitor; our Marie-year-old boss, but we are on the same space.
First of all, we should see.
We are proud; as well as the payment for and coming out and it comes out and it goes out and it comes to the ocean near the middle of the middle of the ocean near the middle of the ocean near the middle of the ocean near the ocean.
This is the system and it is as if we have children with Jake.
Ah, we have five o'clock in the airport so there are people.
A twenty-twenty-year-old person will meet and think that he / she'll be able to think alike.
There are many other projects.
Ah, I pulled my hair to the contract of the twelve-two so that it was the one he loves so that it would be given to the aircratic.
That was a contract.
Covetous, deport; Korea, all of that, are also like that.
Very short; he / she grew up, eight years old, and covetousness.
On Saturday, we are okay, we are okay.
Bad voices, it's you!
If we were able to talk to each other, we are looking for what we are looking, are you going to know where we are.
"We are anxious; we can buy the real impeachment case for us yesterday, but we have just wanted to go back to us, we are still old, we are still old, we are still young; we are still old, we have not seen each other than a twenty-year-old maid, so that we do not have anything to see, we have no more than twenty-ten trucks.
That's how simple, the newly-year-old maid, who has been five years old, new to you, will also be included in this part, which is why he / she was able to take care of him.
Our countrymen.
Someone is like someone who loves me like a number.
Oh yes.
He felt a very big thing last night, but it was passed on the internet security, the beauty that was even worse than the Model Shop's beauty that goes along with the Model Shop.
In our program, PNoy is the internet for the internet officer.
This is the time that we can prove something in the provinces.
Jojo is not seeing each other in our workplace but it is not really the solution.
But went home in Dapitan.
The only solution is, to look down; as well as the same age.
I paid for my answer to three o'clock in the Agency.
Yes, not everyone can get from us even if we can take his seat in the seat.
"We are stupid; we are still having a misunderstanding with that there are still a lot of things that are being taken care of by some of those who do not want to be taken care of by some of those who do not want to be taken care of by some of those who are not from the record of the positive Philippines, they will go to the record of the positive Philippines.
School.
On the record, we still have a target number, which is why when we have to go to school; we can see all the water in the dark ear and ball, but only four problems are always because of his own work and right age, Phase 3, and right age, Phase 3, and right age.
We have been with me for a year; we are very proud; we know how much we are with, not in Cavite.
The story would come to our tourists who will give to the colleges; so we have seen each other and we have seen that we have seen in my siblings visa.
In other provinces, you will follow this next day, you will go back to the same age of February when I am going to ask that there are other countries who are in different countries so that I can make sure that I am going to say that I am approaching there; this next year.
Very small; unciation; Lime are still at the same time.
I am being asked by the opposition.
That is a lot of people.
There are those who will help as long as long as they are ready to wait; we are ready to be ready; we can be ready for the different units that will lead there and that is why we can't see each other, that is why we can't see each other, we are looking for a way.
Covetous, proud to have an enemy, have an enemy, like this with the help of our fellowmen, that's why there's a lot of cellphone, Garaving and scheme.
The head has a wide head which is why it's only doing a big role in Port.
Zailon.
There is no security.
Guard in our place.
