Sunday, January 13, 2013.

How about us now?

If nothing happens to him, all of us are involved.

Almost 2,000 years have passed when a group of people came closer to Jesus Christ, and has a intention to try Him and be put in embarrassment, his response is right in Matthew 16: 2-3, is not like what they expected.

2, he answered and supported them: If this is put under, you have been placed here, "this will be a good time: Because the heavens will be green."

3 At in the morning, "in this day," in this day, it will be a tragic time, because the heavens and threatening us will reduce the faces of the heavens, but you will not scrutinize these kinds of times. "

Jesus will have a good miracle, and they have no trace of thinking that they were surprised when they were questioned, they were able to accept that, but they were able to accept it, they were able to accept it, but they were able to accept it, but they were able to accept it, but they were able to accept it because the fact that the truth came from their surroundings.

What does not believe and is a lack of spiritual understanding, it will cause us to be blind to the danger happening?

The words uttered by Jesus will be meaningful for us on this day, what do not believe or lack of spiritual understanding is that we do not care and allow the warning to face and give appropriate attention?

Do we not have understanding that will also happen to us?

Let us pay attention to what happened in Atimonan, Quezon, where thirteen years have been killed and really suspicious of the killings, that has been happening even before, no longer count.

It has also been given attention in balding and it has been a long content of the newspapers and it has also nothing happened, like before, most of our fellow countrymen don't care about it until the burial of this violence in oblivion.

What is really decided?

What should be implemented by what we remember, especially in our time now, there are many checkpoints in the roads that will not happen again, because in the upcoming election this coming May, we will surely happen again to the road, and even if we are traveling in the road, and even if we are traveling in the road, and even if there are checkpoints of the police and members of this?

The explanation of a police official, if you do not have any fault and has no weapon which is hiding inside your car, nothing will happen to you.

The question: Is there those who get killed, are they doing wrong?

Let us not forget the massacre case in Maguindanao (Ampatuan massacre), where he was killed, fifty-eight (58) people were killed, and they have no clear justice, and there is no clear justice in the coming election?, if this is not the reason, why is the trial slow?

If there are questions, it is better to have answers that, and if there is a slow effect, it will only prove that there is a reason that is happening here.

If we don't want to be able to fix their own welfare, more than our safety, how are we usually the citizens who will leave the right away from the entire islands, and even more than our citizens, because they are the ones who have the right to use weapons and criminals, because they are the only ones who have the right to use weapons.

What should we do now?
