
Why did they support the thin ers in Manatal.

Postmaster by: Almar Danguilan.
On March 1, 2016.
In opinion.

It is not surprising why they have complete support of those who invest in and thin ers to Klarisse de Ali Tambako, in Manila, for the 2016 elections.
Because how is Ali, the only decision of the current administration or the city government of Manila to increase 300 percent in the tax in Manila.
Those who are pointing at Ali are supported by the City Council of some European countries like Councilor Rod Lacammam, and Josie, a car.
It is not only in the Council of Ali that the opposition of the city government of socializing and citizens of the city should not be faced but, he still faced Manila Mayor Joseph "Erap" Estrada.
He asked the father of the city to feel pity that the "children" (socializing and citizens) - do not continue to continue the plan to serve the people - the plan to raise a huge tax to businessmen in Manila.
The suggestion of Ali to Erap is that instead of increasing the tax, those who do not pay and cheater will run out in paying taxes and remove the tax seals.
Because of the fight of Ali, the plan of 300 percent of tax was not done.
Instead, the city government has done about 150 percent.
But, the government is planning something to be imposed after the election of Oh my advocacy you will be imposed after you in Manila, so you should be wise in voting who will just sit on you.
Whatever it is, even if half of 300 percent is imposed - it can be said that the objection made by Ali is still a victory, which is why it is also a big deal that is caused by 150 percent of 300 percent.
Oh no, if it is not against Ali and some of his colleagues in the Council, it is a huge number of 300 percent, or daughter, good thing and there is still a good thing like Ali for the citizens of Manila.
For now, according to the businessmen, they are still having a hard time because there are situations where they feel, the imposition of tax in Manila is not humane and fair.
There are more people who complain about the high level of tax particularly those small jobs.
Like a small barber shop, he was charged with 20,000 pesos (tax), and even the small stores have not forgiven.
The businessmen in Manila said, the officials of Manila are not fair and fair because they are small and faithful to pay tax but the huge company of communication is given to tax.
According to the tax, BIR should investigate this - BIR - Commissioner Kim Henares and huge communication companies, brought them to tax?
Is that possible?
The grandfather were thankful because even though they were alone, Ali Atienza was there and was able to go back to the City Council to stop the unjust amount of tax.
They are also hoping that if Ali won as vice mayor of Manila, you will correct wrong rules and ways to collect taxes.
The pet parrot believes that only Ali will stop the person who will prevent the solution to get the pay of those from Manila now.
"What they need to chase, the increase of tax evasion and not" those who are paying proper taxes and following the government. "
A businessman said, his name does not want to be identified.
"We are just supporting Ali, because we believe that only him is the only one to make the revival of the new Manila" statement by a businessman in the city.
