
No assurance, the happiness for DAP continues.

Senator Miriam Santiago said, the case to be faced by those who gave and accepted the Disbursement Acceleration Program is possible.
In Onok Island, there are using public funds or other properties of the government on a goal of different public funds that should use it through the effects of a law or ordinance.
And this crime has a punishment of six months and one day only until two years.
Lapian ng Masang Pilipino Cooper reported.
Now who have signed in expressing the funds of DAP that was pulled out from where and used to others or those who want to accept?
DOLINTECAYETANO!
Miriam is strongly saying that PNoy is what PNoy is doing to DAP.
That's why PNoy can under the impeachment process in Congress.
Only the problem is, numbers game or the most powerful inmates in the legislative chamber and the Senate should rule and not the nutrients of the case.
However, as long as, as an ally or bosses, there is no fault and will stay in position.
In this situation, the children of crooks who are cheater will remain in the care of the people and the country will suffer the situation.
Big problem.
There is a big problem in filing a impeachment case.
First, who will file a case?
Second, if we talk about the record, Butch Abad does not want to release documents about DAP.
How about the evidences that will be used in the case?
Is the documents and testimony used by the SC in making a decision on DAP?
For whoever will file a case, the senators cannot be blamed because they are all over 20 to receive big amount of DAP.
They received more than 30 million pesos to 50 million pesos to 113 million pesos.
At 290 as congressman, around 13 to 15 were not accepted by DAP that is about 10 to 15 each other.
It is the child of tofu, we have not heard anything from Justice Sec. Leila de Lima but the other senator also has a case against the Priority Development Assistance Fund scam.
The three eggs are also charged with DAP.
Three, tsk, tsk, tsk!
Resign.
The face should also rule the government that does not pass through but "Tuwid na Daan.
He added to the impeachment case.
Even if it is clear that 13-0-1 is the vote of the Supreme Court against DAP, there is no government official who is connected to the DAP said to have resigned from his position.
Until now, they are insisting that what they are doing to DAP was right and they will be tested to prove this in filing a motion for humanitarian consideration.
Those from Malacanang, like that.
What should we know if the SC turn your own decision?
Because the SC is really in history, even a few times for the cases he will decide.
Like what happened to the case that happened in different towns in different places in the Philippines.
What should we know that in the two years of current administration of DAP, it will be replaced with all the judges in the SC and will be in favor of them the decision in the end?
DAP was not the Commission on DAP.
That's why the people of Malacanang are brave and their allies are strong to fight their enemies in the SC because the SC himself released a decision that is not for the DAP.
Because of this, they will surely continue to continue the use of DAP, and they should just avoid what is against the Constitution which was done in DAP.
Part of this is the iron fist of the agencies and use it to other goals.
These should also avoid making laws about taking and spending on the people's money without the blessing of the Congress.
They should not allocate funds that were pulled out from where to answer the project under the immediate fund.
They need to make sure that there will be an extra taxes before they will be able to use their own fund.
You see, Bro?
Continues.
It is certain that the residents of Malacanang will surely think that they can use the money that they can use to use money from DAP.
However, they will be more careful now that they might just be seen by the enemies.
Because their opponents are very good, even if they do not want to release documents.
And it is certain that they will heal this even in the coming State of the Nation Address.
The drama: If there is no DAP, it is better for us to go to Asia.
As of now we are considered by other countries that are not in agriculture, but for sure, they will be victimized.
And because of this name, what I love to the Philippines was already far.
It started to lessen the starving, poverty and other kinds of DAP.
Where is the fruit of DAP?
Isn't it?
Other complaints or criticism, it can be shown in an instant, please call 092163333 years.
