
Sol Aragones, Ka Minda, Ka Agum: A martyr of South Quezon.

The country.
There is 21, 2012.

Ka Sol Aragones, Ka Rechel and Ka Rodel Batocabe are three of the nine bastard criminals who were killed in the series of Supreme Court in South Quezon this April.

"Sol Aragones, Ka Sol Aragones, Ka Sol" Lapiz, the latest leader of the Liberal and Putatan, who was killed in Barangay Sta. Catalina, Lopez, Quezon in the morning of April 29.

Former students and activists are former students and activists in the University of the Philippines-Los Baños has been known by his fellow relatives and fellow activists for being a good companion and friends and co-workers who were also known by his creatures and skill in taking advantage.

Ka Sol Aragones in 1995 was used in Bagong Hala Bayan (BHB).

Many of those who attended the award in UP LB are friends, relatives, and became companions of Ka Sol Aragones, a chance for the recognition to be removed from the path of Ka Sol Aragones in the middle of the Intertropical Convergence Zone and a teacher for the masses.

We are reading the awards of the Bagong Hunan Mendoza Command (Quezon), the youth Alyansang Makabayan, of the Revolutionary Council of Trade Center, of the National Democratic Front and other revolutionary organization.

In a brave speech, the mother of Ka Jerry stated the full support on the path of the child as Valeriana. He said, even if she lost his most beloved child, she is grateful for the children of Ka Sol for those who attended the country.

You, Recana, Ka Minda "Tantos, will be Filipino in Catanduanes.

He worked as the actual worker in different factories from 1996 until 2009.

In the upcoming elections, it became their famous illustrator among the poor community in Laguna where a relationship between the poor community in Laguna has become a relationship with how to mingle with the filipino masses, he became a member of the Revolutionary Council of Trade Center and eventually, the Liberal Party of the Philippines last 2010.

On August 201: 00, Ka Rechel decided to act in the middle of Quezon. Six months that she was able to pay attention to the farmer and she decided to be alone in the Botchok (December 2011.

Aguba, Rodel "Ka Aguino" Penammunitions, a national competition, is from 2170 Infanta Street, Quezon.

Ka Aguino and Ka Minda will be together in relationship with Ka Aguino, but it did not become an obstacle in their relationship because Ka Minda worked hard to teach him.

They decided to act on the whole time at the BHB last December 2011 and was scheduled to be married this May.

It was around 10: 00 in the morning on April 20 when they encountered more than 60 elements of 85th IB, where the house where Ka Minda and Ka Aguino is staying at Barangay 384, Lopez, Quezon.

They are included in the four Palestinians attacked the Botchok (HB) who was murdered by said blood.
