That is why don't you not be noisy with a welder, that hit that, they do not know anything as well.
Gloria Boy Abunda will not be able to go straight and go straight to his program, which is just near the phone, which is very good for you to have a good pants, so that you are the ones who chose to go out of our country, that is why he's the one who takes care of our country, that is why he's the one who takes care of us, which is why he's the one who can give me out and out that we are going out of and out of this day.
In your term for your term, he / she said that he / she is going to cover her birthday X-X because it crashed.
Let us go back to Luneta for the start.
Even if the smallest bit of a year of garbage is okay, okay, alright, going abroad, which was cut off together with only four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-four-old; and then they gave birth to the best Tabar.
Jolo room is a thorn in the country and cooked for Two Home ones who will be able to buy something, Martin Delgado.
That's why we are really pitiful; he / she said that we are very fond of our heart; we are just an acquaintance that we should also know that we should also be given to the trouble, which is why we really need to give it to the trouble that we have to be part of your heart, which is why it's really good that we should be named.
Yes, there is a garage, right?
Isn't it that Spain that you say in the outposts who are really a Filipina.
His message was different.
What do we think of our other programs because we are together with our soldiers who can be seen in the right age in Luneta this day because they are always in state of it.
She would drink her Ate Virgie.
Speaker, it was said that there was a boat that was so fast.
I went here in Cavite according to the airport.
Jojo said there are t-V.
Do that!
We are.
In Bulacan.
City Hall.
Okay yes.
Father and it was only eleven o'clock in the span of twenty-year-old grandfather, sixteen years old, who did not know what to do as a three-three-three-three-three-three-three-years old, that's why it's okay that this might be okay.
Let's just go.
Just say that they should not lower themselves as well-tempered; and deport, which are those who want to expose, isn't it?
"Is his aunt like that, but they can see what is right there is someone who knows how to celebrate the day of his gender first that we do not have a relationship with our country that is far from Makati.
Hopefully, is his older sister really?
When we are hungry; we can't take advantage; do not meddle with us.
Oh, we really love you earlier this morning; we can't understand that people don't understand that people do not understand that.
Let us just wait for our child to them a good morning, which is why there's still a lot of patients who let go on the sea so many are still looking at the sea so that the beauty that you are doing is doing laundry, which is the only thing that you are doing the laundry, that is the only thing that you are mad at here.
Let us see that at the same age, our fellow citizens are over and our friends are over because three thousand can be filled with you.
Yes, it was also killed that it has also been caught in the word of me.
Paing was caught.
In the show that even before we reached up, there was also one who died, and there was also a bait that also died.
To the grandmother, what should have been an eight-year-old daughter-in-law that's why he / she has been five years old, "Pogi"
Because now, isn't it right that we are not stupid; we can really look like this every Saturday, what you really do is a primary reason why there are still some of our residents who are looking at each other so we have something.
Why are we stupid; we don't want to get sick; we do not want to.
There are things that should be done in different kinds of things, and also, with my birthday, have a t-M, that is like a state of price hike.
Yes, it is okay to go to here and are ready to be ready, as well as the strength of the Philippines.
Here.
Here.
We are thankful that our older sister cooked in the same age, whose strength is low; the strength to see me outside the day of man is still unknown.
