What if a decision is that your father has not arrived, he / she has never arrived, that's when they arrived.
What isn't the Model Shop's father, who brought the tilapia fish, who brought a tilapia and some viand from what is the baptism of it here in Bulacan.
It was not asked by Mama about to look at the colleges; he / she was distressed as well.
Do you not have anything else with the viand of Maire.
You are just the two of them, which is why they are the ones who take care.
Many say, when will we fight for what our house is for us to watch, we can watch out.
He was talking to something that they have a fight, so he / she has a fight.
What are the pitiful ones who are proud and we should try this to be sent to a lotto ticket.
On the other hand, you are asking your mother to those with my companions at work, whose legs are distressed.
Okay, if we will let us look at anything, he / she is a little bit more so that there are still a few plates that I still want to watch, that is why it was only a while, he / she was only a single motorcycle; that's why it was only a few meters; that's why he / she said that he / she was only a Japanese; that was why he / she was only asked to go to Antipolo; however, I just asked that he was only a Japanese; that was why I was just asking me.
Antipolo.
"There are only five in Las Piñas City, who are only five years old; we are only five; we have not been able to ask if we were far from the number of those who are far from the house that they are far from, instead, they have not yet received the number number of those who are far from the house.
I also have no fare of Jordan.
It seems that sometimes, it is like someone who is playing with someone who is playing with you even though it's too small; he / she gets mad.
I thought, I thought they were not going to Luneta that's why he went back to Luneta.
Yes, there are something that they have in the Cuneta when there are also many who, there are many who are hungry; but what else, they can look down; so that they will not have difficulty in Luneta, so that they will not have difficulty in Luneta and will not have difficulty in Luneta.
Alright.
