Zanjoe), is it similar to Bela Padilla (she looks like his ex Bea Rose) is similar to the height of his trip of Dreamscape Entertainment Television last night.

Postigo,: Peter Ledesma,
On January 30, 2017.
In showbiz.

Wanna Bet by Dreamscape Entertainment Television, along with the business unit head, Sir Deo Imperata, and Ma'am, Julie Anne Benico, who ordered to celebrate his birthday last August, that Coco Martin and his own party were surprised.
The said mass was thankful for Dreamscape Entertainment Television, and all of their show from 2015 the Tindan, 2017, the construction and every show of said TV Production.
The FPJ's representative, Propaganda of Coco Martin, has been tainted number number one by the common-time stars in the latest survey ratings of 35.8 percent, 39.5 percent and Metro Manila, 35.3 percent, and the price of double life can be shown on the last two.
Last week, Pilot has hit 35.4 percent of a new story in Wagerness, "Daang Matuwid" where she takes the back of Lorena Rodriguez "where Jamiri are attacked and Mark Obleed.
And the cause of "My Mama" super proud of the entire team is super part of the entire team because it has reached 31.5 percent that its price hike in social media and often the feast of the soap in the survey of Kovalev.
The latest news is, especially when the scene is being anticipated in the evening of My Mama, especially during the scene of the character of protagonist Naytono "Heart" Ramos; and grandmother named Zanjoe), and grandmother of Doctora Margaret cetera, the best heart disease, which is all good.
A resounding news is that Zanjoe and Bela Padilla said that the two have had a relationship with Zanjoe) after Bela Padilla being carried by Zanjoe who was brought by Zanjoe) watching the concert in Asia Arena in the Mall of Asia Arena.
That's why it was said that the mysterious actor immediately opened his new boss because he also has a big similarity to his ex-girlfriend, Bea Alonzo.
Well good luck to be a member of the war.
Xian Lim is happy.
On him by Bea Alonzo on the "A Love.
It is an ST "actor.
The rival of Ian Veneracion.
In Ocud on for Xian Lim, who is going to enter the character of "A Dr. Love, or Lala" as a close friend, she is happy and likes Andeng (Bea Alonzo), she was happy and asked to follow the Pretty Boy (Bea Alonzo).
Thank you, for me, for a long time, he said to him and he admires him because even at the adstar, she said that Xian have been telling his character in the entry of his character in ALTO).
"According to Social Work and Her (Bea), we have been together with the whole cast out of Andeng in Batangas, they were the ones who experienced the actor's family because she did not have denied before because he has no intention to offer her a good future.
The problem is there is a good relationship between Andeng and his rich boss, Engineer Anton Olivia, when they lived together in Germany for his business form and good luck on who will win the heart of Andeng?
In his performance as the third wheelchair for Ian and Bea, he said that when he entered the scene, he was not able to just go, but if he will be raised to Andeng and Anton, it would be fine because he wants to say that he / she said, "what he / she said to be," he said, "he / she said," what he / she said to be, "he said," what he / she said to be, "he said,"
It can be watched, Dr. Love, or Lampu, a few nights ago, "My Mama" who is a love love to watch all the reading on ABS-CBN Pragerness, the protagonist.
I am very annoyed with the rumors.
Reporting, Salas.
Wake up with "Tell PS.
Just because she is close to Bae Maggy on the "Tell PS" even if her suitor, Bae Kenneth, was there, she loves her and was serious with her when the two were seeing each other and was calling his friend to live together.
Tindan also does not want to have an associate or she also become a big person who she does not know is that he is still in the heart of the young man Kenneth, and the former of Manduish (tomboy) is still beautiful.
Well, it is not impossible to happen that Calaguas well, but the Tutok-Tety) team and MiG) team continues to be waiting in the gathering of the three and they want their bet to end up together.
It can be watched Tell PS, Monsalve, and 11: 30 to 5: 30, Eat Bulaga on GMA-7.
