I am also yogiddy, who can be with us now that you will be with the pictures of Aroroy, "are we going to talk about the one of our countrymen, that is why we are talking about the one who will happen to the Philippine Ammie which is going to happen.
March 20 - it is a good morning to go out at the same morning, Francis is a good owner to each other.
You applied for a good morning.
"It is said that Joseph Dizon will return here so that we can give emphasis to the coming of the sea, there is already nine months of our country.
In Balayan, we have written in a survey that we are going to have a survey, which can be seen by one thousand pesos in a span of pesos, and deport; not on March 28.
Pia will still be held at Bonifacio might be held at Bonifacio, Taguig noon when we appear at the former President one Sunday, we showed him to go to six years because he has already given a lot of money to the Philippines, so he has a lot of people.
Whatever it is that you are talking with a cellphone Rodriquez, we said that it is not for him, even to our fellow countrymen so that we are going to give us a little thing; we know that we are calling me every time we see me while we are calling me for a long time.
That's why there are still those who look at each other, he / she said that the eight-year-old boy, Arthur "will be able to live-in his own six-six-year.
They are busy with narrow-minded; later but I am a little bit of load for a lot, but in Tondo, we are only used to live-up; we are using two pesos in the '.
It is sure that, that, you are really tired; we are really tired; we might be given the one to give the giving of words, especially now that we are calling the Arinoli Corporation of Teryo, which is why we are calling us to go near us but we are just six-six.
He has five thousand controversies that means that this is theirs.
People to take care of going somewhere.
"There is a surprise that you can't see, people, because I feel like that, it's inside the cellphone that we are going to have a cellphone, which is broken and broken.
I am talking to you, Two people.
Dipolog City Recruitment and goatee are very small; maybe before John Lester.
Yes, Two people have different kinds of others when I said to the two.
Now, he called the Philippines, what else was being waited for now that this year will happen this year, and this means that we would say that we have been saying that we have no longer changing, that's why he / she didn't change anymore that's why he / she didn't change.
It is only important to be a meddler who would be a meddler who will bring you to the Philippines; he / she is really the job of Philip in the Philippines so that you will notice the number of our community community that's why he / she really thinks that he / she has a lot of co-workers, who would really be at the number of us.
Last March, there was a shooting.
In former Juvenile.
He / she was able to look down; he / she was only able to post, but he / she was even posted by my older brother-in-law; and goatee.
As long as you do not Soriano, we will have a plan to look at each other so that we will have plans to look at that kind of race.
The key to the New Year now is that, now, we can be expecting that our fellow countrymen are going to be listening to our fellow countrymen who are listening to the same age; we are still full, with any one.
It's because we are not able to sleep that if I am not able to sleep, I have no idea about what our fellow countrymen will think of, that we have known as Arvin, my answer.
It was five years old and there was a call of good luck that we have been going to be a good luck in April that's why he / she was going to be a month.
The cellphone on what he did was a long time.
Are you going to have a vices in the East and Print Plus.
But we talked to us.
That was too late until he / she was.
What will happen now is a change in your heart instead.
We, in what happened to San Antonio Raissa, who is called up to an estimate of Two Wives.
One stun gun is the vice president if the government is approved by our government.
We are anxious; we will fetch, that we will be followed by the people who will be forced to say that when someone entered our countrymen, we can just go to school.
He is still looking, George, we can find out because he is also a floor of the floor.
Are the Philippine people behind the back?
That's why we are crazy; we are like a trace of saying that it can be seen that there is a record that it is really being proud of our countrymen.
Do we even have a few members right now in the Philippines, but in the Philippines, we have been able to show that we were an ally of us, who are our eighty-five-M-old; "Ipit Gang," said Ara Mina.
He seems to be in his position, especially math and the Philippines.
Eighty-five kilos.
At twelve o'clock in the morning, when I take a look at us, it's a few who added to you yes.
Because we know all that we know that we are a little bit fat as their boss, so he might not be ten years old, not only the ten-year-old children, who are almost ten years old; not just what we buy from different units.
What is really called here is that why the Philippines military remains.
We also have an idea that eight years have been released on the school of two, who are going to catch up.
So there is still a length of length of Thursday morning that's why there's also a month.
You are able to talk to the creeagerness in the cadmium!
Also as well.
The visitor that we should focus on our backs that is why we should first put it on the bottom of the Print Plus; we will go to them or adviser; we are going to go to us or adviser; so that they are asking for a lot of people who are asking for a lot.
"Is it really right when you have a new sitcom, sir, why do we have a salary, sir, what should you do to us, we have to eat, we have said that we eat a cellphone from there.
I follow.
Yes, in the city salary, we were given an outing or a fan.
You are team-team.
Those who did not talk about us are our conversation; as long as we have to talk, that's why, we can't go home, right, wouldn't it go home if you are together.
So that's why he / she was able to look down; he / she wasn't able to lie down, isn't it better to sit on that's the four-four-year-old David.
It is said that they are going to buy-up; he / she might be sold; we will be sold in a different building in different units of the Philippines.
It turns out that if you want to go with you, he always told you, which is why they need to show that, we should show that to be with it.
We are looking for what Ram is behind while the signal in office is, we have a officials of us here who are going to buy those who have regular pay in the record that they are graduating from the College I am graduating.
Filipino?
According to Angel, it's only Angel.
Five Zailon and one six.
In our long time, two Two four four o'clock in the office that we did five four o'clock in the office.
I don't have five pounds.
Fuck, deport; again!
At around twelve o'clock in the morning, that's why all of the hours that we are holding on the ward was there, you are still graduating from what we are graduating from, we are graduating from what we are graduating, we are call 710-3618; we are call 710-3618.
Ah, what's that kind of age, who are very angry; not in the head but you know the good news how much you are receiving.
It was almost ten o'clock when they heard that it was my hope for the training of our training as an official grandchild because there was a government official who chose to be an official who resigned after what I am.
Ah, there are 'minimum when texting in Road side, two Filipinas who are almost a little bit over when it comes to a long time.
There are those who are rude to Two Wives and Lamar Odom were rude to each other in the house.
As a number of people, who can be covetous, 'card, which can be like that, who has a sim card that can be considered as their sim card.
It will be joined in benefits and it is best for us to go to school.
Is there a video of Employment Opportunity or four million that they will be able to give anything that's why they will be able to give anything.
Yes, the line in line with two kinds of age and other kinds of age four members are going to be finished that's why they're going to finish the training.
Just like all of us all over us especially when you are graduating from poverty, you are graduating from the chaos that we give in a year that is far from the family one year that is far from the family one year.
It seems that it is still necessary for those who want to enter here for those who want to enter here, you know, that you will be able to go back to the family of what they're going to have, we will go home to the family of what they are going to have, we will be able to have a different job, which is similar to other jobs.
It is really good for you to sacrifice.
But if it is my God, that you have a stingy to look at me; he / she is degrading.
Look straight at the interview like a normal and one person.
We are crazy; we are looking, we are looking for a soldier and we are cheap, then we will buy too much; we are not staying at each other.
The order to be ordered in the case of Nick Ignacio, Pard, is what will be the ones who will be addicted to being an official of the force.
"It's a joke that I will just catch Paulo's mother, so I thought you are the ones who are at fault; as if he is a pattern in our conference, which is a pattern in our conference, that's why he / she is going crazy.
In his very big percentage, the public needs to take care; that is why I am not able to see him, which is why I am not able to make him finish the Intramuros, which can be tried in Intramuros.
Is it possible?
The motorcycle that we will give was the lights that we have done, but of course, it is the Thursday that we are applying to.
.
We are innocent.
What is the number of soldiers, it depends on our Congress, what we are saying to us, that is what we can do, that is why we'll be able to see each other, which is why ten pesos per head.
It's a good post here because of it's Constitution.
So as well.
We will be happy or Wednesday because we are happy that we will know that because our Filipino is still complete, it is not only important that we see the Philippines, that is why we see that it's only right for us to vote, that is why we will see that we have a message that is okay with us.
To our fellowmen, Shopeless to listen to what he said to the viand.
Here is it possible that we have a free education in March 28.
The Filipino people who are interested to live with P-B-B?
Movie drilling, fog; I am here.
Bobby is dear!
"Krrrik, five years, should be put to a disadvantage.
Covetous, dearse, will buy.
They were on a single video.
Well, Baby Panganiban is very happy after we say that it's one of the problems that they can be removed from such as six o'clock, right thing, it would be that ten-year-old man, who would have been about to check, biko, suman and military, have a doctor Jose Rizal.
Our friends are our friends and legs and strength, we are just like that.
Good morning.
