"Yolanda" and the modernization of the AFP.

Congratulations!

Many lives are changed and it can still change the effect of super typhoon "Yolanda" the effect is not only for people but also for the Armed Forces of the Philippines or the Armed Forces of the Philippines and probably its modernization.
It can be recalled that the leadership of the government is being focused on now by the leadership of the government, who is called "Tulay ng Pangulo" or the ability to protect our country.
Even before the typhoon "Pablo has arrived," Ondoy, "etc., the AFP is the primary expected to hit the Philippines, but also due to the biggest conflict in the country, but also due to the biggest gathering of the countries that brought assistance to the Philippines.
The source of the ability of the government to respond to the calamity that this kind of damage is not enough, even if the AFP will immediately respond to the first time the father of "Yolanda," the Disaster Risk Reduction (IED) is not enough.
There are a lot of ships, airplanes and helicopter that will bring help not only until airports and others, but directly to barangays who were damaged, this is the big challenge in the government.
Also due to the broken bridge, they increase trees, electric posts, and electric posts, and destruction of communication - a lack of help and equipment from different countries and private organization, slowly be resolved by the huge needs of the victims.
This calamity is a lesson to see what our government should have, including the AFP, to meet the calamity, this means that this only means an additional funding for the Philippine Air Force Police Community Precinct 4; and 6-6 Trajay of Philippine Army.
In front of many threats to security and freedom of our territory in the West Philippine Sea, the government slowly buying a few fighter jets in the West Philippine Sea when the government slowly buying a few fighter jet crashed in the helicopter that can add to the medical defense of the country.
However, the tension is not subsiding, the declaration of China's declaration of his new Air Force Identification (AIDG).
According to the AIDG) of China, all the people who enter PAR) into the north of Taiwan; southern of Korea; and the southern parts of China, including the East China Sea (ECS), including the East China Sea (ECS), including the East China Sea (ECS).
In front of the new corruption in the Northern in the Philippines, it is not impossible for us to be affected by the chaos that will be brought by "Yolanda" in front of our territories, which is needed for the defense of our territory for the sake of our territory and assurance for our limit.

We hope that our leaders see the same needs and give priority to the strengthening of the people who cannot depend on other sectors of society.

We can wait for the force of the commercial air that is their route that will be brought about by those that are going to be brought by relief goods, medicine, medical services, and workers and items for rehabilitation operations and forcible way.
We can use the ships owned by the reserved embassy of the Philippine Navy, like now that other countries can help in the medical services, but only the AFP will defend our country.

We should push for what has long been delayed and the modernization of the Armed Forces of the Philippines should be implemented.
