
Mix the flag, cleaning the simple celebration of the 45th anniversary of the PKP, December 26.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
December 24, 2013.

Disbursement Acceleration Program (Flintshire-raising to the kick-off of the 119th Independence Day of CPP 45th committee on May 26.
The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) announced the preparation for the social media to commemorate the 120th anniversary of this December 26, and it will start the 120th anniversary of the dock, along with the PKP, together with the Pambansang Kamao and the communists.

The National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP), who is temporarily buried under a democratic country, is sweating at the areas of the Philippines, sweating at the neighboring areas of the New People's Bayan (BHB) and other presidentiable.

The indigenous people behind the Quicken Loans Arena and municipality are applying at the revolutionary movement of the masses and by the local government and the branches and the evacuation of the PKP, most of the places which are under the jurisdiction of the local government agencies.

Ten thousand people are expected to attend to each gathering that will be held in different places in the country, most of the people who will come are going to walk, from nearby Mido Island and municipality.

It is also expected by the KP, some of the thousands of visitors from the victims, including the students, workers, poor workers, doctors and professionals, employees of the government budget for them to join and observe in the gathering.

"The units of BHB) will be seen to share to the gathering and will take care of the places where the mothers are taking care of the local units of the country's jurisdiction," said the KP.

"This will serve the gathering that is appropriate for the Filipino people to celebrate the concrete success that they received from the 45 years of the advancement of politics, economists, culture and military, even the giving of education and medical service to the people."

This will serve as an opportunity for the gathering to be able to collect funds and other support of material things for the places destructed by typhoon Yolanda "among those who are devastated by typhoon Yolanda, including the trees of vegetables, even the vendors of the trees."

The PKP has once again appealed to the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) to remove the troops of its troops in the area of empty germs and stop the citizens who are going to travel to free and join the filipino masses to travel for the 45th anniversary of the PKP.

According to the reports, the AFP is continuously conducting an operation against the name germs in Davao del Norte, Compostela Valley, Negros Oriental and other parts of Mindanao, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Occidental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte, Negros Oriental and other towns in Luzon, Leyte,
