She was five years old from her aunt that's okay.
The storm will fight against those who are involved in the Islamic Center with another part.
!
I have the soldiers who do not watch the third to go to the third to go to the third alarm; as well as the camp of Two people involved in Mindanao.
That there is one kind of form near the factory.
It was taken out like some barangays who are possible to be talked about by the diets because the Cebu Pacific Ocean is being discussed.
But in the middle of clothes, it is as if Sevilla always increase in the back maybe they are not receiving any help.
The youngest is open to fight for the future.
Thanking the whole of Mindanao.
He / she grew up; he / her father was handsome, "that's why your father was handsome.
Dr. Love, it's just right for us to have mercy on Mindanao.
In drug pushers.
Make sure that they will be distressed; we have known each other in the past when they found a diment for us to be able to give way.
What was affected and already evacuated because of the affected here, was it not allowed to be between the nine o'clock in the evening, which can be taken care of.
I seem to be a result of Brigada Eskwela to only be sent to the wash area, but I believe that Labo is one of his cellphone, which we have seen on the U-T wherein we have seen that there was a game for them to be able to enter the area.
In the father, Steve continued to see her in the Morong Islamic Liberation Front in the second-year-old lady in order to look down; he / she was very proud.
Last Saturday, the military caused non-stop the military because of their favorite.
Why did I think that her favorite camp Ruby was too late; he / she was able to go back to the barangay hall and was found out in the barangay, which was discovered by a few months, that was why I was with a lot of pity yes, like a voice.
What can be done here is five o'clock.
A week in the morning when we visited the market here in one kilo, there is almost a distance from the students.
Apparently, it was said that he was going to run for a long time, so that he will go down so much.
It was proven that the people were destroyed.
It's difficult.
Because is it?
!
People here.
Different.
?
We are going to look at our lives in front of our lives; that's why we can't do anything else to be beside him.
Yes, life needs to continue even if there is a war while two are strong.
That is why it is not for money to have money to buy, or up to all, we will not just enter the soldiers.
It is said that extreme sleep is already starting at the location that's why the trip was going to go to our trip, whose legs are going to go.
But the residents here are not going to go to Pangasinan, but I have not yet taken down the soldiers.
They need to change the name of all all out of action.
Instead of having a hard life for the February year-time, we have not even caught up, we were not able to catch up.
Because this is the condition anyway, why.
So you will look down on the families carrying the families.
Comighod added that he went for a long time for a long time for a long time, what was ugly can be brought while he was carried by two new wheels owned by the eldest child and then his nose bled to evacuate last Saturday.
What are the things there?
I say.
Come to you.
Covetous, fur, five years old.
It is said that it is not right to pay for those who are always waiting on the roof of August, there is already a nine time when they eloped with each other.
Say when you are kids.
Our children will be able to sleep well that's why Papa wants to sleep well.
You are with you.
Peace.
Residents like Jojo were asked to have their house destroyed because the tree was hit.
What if it's "when you do not like a house.
Strike is also busy in which area because there are events that are not affected.
And he was able to go to the land because it is still early because you can still respond right now to the diary ah, it is okay because there are just a few eving center only one.
It is not enough for water and it is enough for me to call me from the house.
They say.
So it's the only livelihood that they left, that's why they left them as well.
For them, it's as if they are different, they are not talking about what they are saying.
It was already earlier that he / she was at a while.
But you will take a beer of alcohol and has vices in the military that they need to be.
Party, what is called by S / she is called?
The place where we put the four from Tugegarao together with the people will be the one who will teach them to prove this is the ace.
Ah, what?
To those who are going to be our enemy, we are really opposing; we are really tourists.
Maybe they are really siblings.
Jessica shows the video that we have received earlier at around.
It was almost five o'clock when we were able to go straight at five five o'clock in the afternoon, if I was a Boy's members of the Emtopic.
"You should have seen me on the way it is for him to pay a checkpoint by Argondo, in the town, but I did not see anything that we have seen in the area for us to end this one thousand.
Actors are like that, we are with him that's why it's the members of the Emtype, who came from a communication, where are you going to the other person?
It's as if she is about to dress up when she is crying so that you can avoid the counter-tempered; so you know that you have already asked him / her to know that you are both of the soldiers who are concerned about that they are both of the soldiers who are worried about to know that we are both my fellow siblings.
How do they know how he memorized it?
He / she grew up; he / she will show up in a disco; we will show that it is clear to be a call for the colleges; that's why it's very clear; that's why there's a civil wedding; that's why there are many times.
Fire does not like what they are calling on, right at Cubao, maybe there are those who are used to it.
Are there food like that like that, like that, of the evil spirit that the man who shot him.
Our countrymen who are forcefully removed what are the ones who are pointing out, are the ones who are Kurdi, Ipit Gang that are contradicting.
That's why we cannot say what some say that there are some who say that the trip of the office is also like that.
Telephone.
That is the tear of Singapore, a lot of mango tree, "I can make it as a friend who is only wearing a t-shirt which is only needed by her body with a t-shirt that is needed here in Congressional Avenue, that's why I just say that there's only one of those who are with him.
You will treat each other, after eight o'clock in the air, we should strive, even though it's just a simple shooting incident, it's not easy to ear; that's why you are not able to ear anymore that's why you can't say that the older sister has nothing to say.
The soldiers that they are struck about are Biao worried about.
That is where you are going to go to you, what is what he is with Cormorant ation so that we can't have the things that we are talking about to us by a resort being talked to us by a resort being talked to, because you have something to talk to all the members of the Emperation, because you have something.
There are Cutud, where they keep on going to the Auto, it is okay for them to have a standing between our government, that is why there's no one who is going to be a member of M Riyals, which is one of the things that we saw in the area where we see, "
Erelito Dodong was seen in a video of a few hours.
It means that at the Model Shop, they have been calling the crew members of M Riyals, which is why they are riding on the motorcycle Trade Center that they are riding on the motorcycles that they are riding in the area, that's why they do not know who will be hit.
But how will they know yes because it is possible that the military will worsen or will bear the bomb that they are holding, which is why they are owned by the tourists.
When we saw it when they arrived, they said it was the twenty-M-M Riyals.
Ah, they have seen a bomb so there is no one.
According to Jessica, we get some officials who come from six months but there are some who have been hit like that, because we have seen a huge amount, which is why we have seen it as a big percentage; and for five times we saw that we have seen each other.
We are proud; as long as well, why is it that there was a series of airplanes that will be held in a Bay here at a stop light when it can be taken out of those who have been hit by the members of those who were cut off, but it is said that his girlfriend is too far.
Covetous, deport; and not only.
You are the members of the woman Beatriz Mendoza and there are those who are saying that what he is saying is that there are many who are saying that there are many people, Gus Tambunting, and three of them.
Covetous, fur.
I also do not have something like that, so we can go to school; I will take care of me.
It was stopped this morning that they did not have something like that in the area, it's okay because you have mentioned that it was just a vacation that we had a vacation at the airport, that's why we already know that there is a person who has a quarrel that is not like that even if it's only three five and five.
He said that they are going to cook that they are calling on how to make sure the soldiers will be sure.
That's why our enemies are degrading.
It is still there that they are still running away because they can just take off the uniform of the uniform that defeated them as long as we have a civil wedding; we can see the light; we have seen, "we saw.
They are running after the enemies of the government, who take advantage of the uniform, so they took off the uniform, so that they will be a farmer and that will become a farmer.
If William will earn big, it is probably because he is probably a lot of things.
It is said that the military forces that they are running after the presidential candidates.
No one ran to hide but I saw it up with him.
Okay, we can look down; he / she said that we should avoid the vacation of the operation, which is why she decided to look straight.
Carry out what, but to my knowledge, Jessica, and the three barangay, who are at the same barangay captains, who are very low; we were proud to have passed by that just passed by there in the area.
Full-tempered; that Paulo is having sex; Paulo is having a t-shirts and there is a speaker of PNoy and I am in another country.
So short; we are not really a person with Dave and took off the crying of the local government unit which is their barangay.
Why did they not like a t-shirt that they don't want to be t-shirts; we can be able to see that it's okay for anyone who can see that it's okay with someone who can see that it's okay for someone who can see that it's okay with someone who can see that it's okay with someone who can see each other at Ammos), which is why there's no one who can see the military 'stomach, which is why there's one of the military's stomach, which is why there's something that you can see.
It is seen that Shuler is seen hanging and not just an assumption that you go down from the church.
Very short; we were able to see each other; that's why we also see each other on Saturday when we saw that we really saw each other on Saturday when we saw each other again.
"What would we have in the airplane that we earn when they suddenly lit up there, perhaps, here in the school, you cannot understand me but okay.
Starting yesterday, we were able to look down; we can pick up the F-M for eight eight six-six-six-six-six months.
Let us wait for something since yesterday, we are really hard to get details because what we have mentioned every Saturday, I feel like this every Saturday, they already feel this every Saturday.
We almost do not have any details on the movie we know, that's why they still have sex, but how can they get a bit of those inside the members of the B I am.
In the belief that you are going to do, that's why it's no longer right to get details, that's why it seems that we are not ready to get any details, but it seems that we are not ready for what our fellow countrymen are not right, right?
Those who do not want to turn your back are lacking.
The condition of the eval center in the country is not good.
So we can't say that we can't say if we are able to say if they think that they are all different; they think that they are all different when they say that they are really busy with what they are saying that they are always busy with what they are saying even if they are still being busy with what they are saying.
A few months of Macabebe, barangay units, which are very low, are distressed as well.
That's why it was said that even before, we were really a little bit old; he / she was very weak.
Our countrymen here are poor in this situation because, because he won a vacation center, this will be the start of the rain that will be followed by the start of the rain that will be passed by the old people and for the remaining parts of the old people and the neighboring areas where we get dry.
Sped up.
The teeth can be like that, for our president, he is a lot of thanks for us.
