
My Mama stated the combat action: Leave for a also a part of 6).

At around 4: 00 at around 4: 00 at night, all the members of the personnel were already able to leave and even GRoy Cimatu went away, we agreed to stay on the box site to intensify the lower operations.

I was down again at the box site when I received a call from my troop that was left behind.

"Sir, there is a boat that is coming, we can see that they are carrying a pipe and it seems that they are only five people in the boat."

I easily went down and there might be an insane man from nearby places.

"Please ask me not to shoot until he can come near, so we can assure that who is going to get the Galves rifle and let us wait."

I also think that if you are really the enemy of where we are, with the number of explosion and for a long time, why are they going to come near? If that is an enemy, they are looking for illness in the body.

All of them have been waiting for the enemies that are coming.

Using Galil of my troops, I peeked at the target of their target of 10x Noni), the gun that was incoming up to 600 meters and approaching to us, I noticed that the wave took place.

With a distance of 200 square meters, I saw that others were wearing shorts and there is a decent man who seems to be tourists, brave tourists!

I can see it with a pipe but the video camera was so short, why there was a tourist carrying a video camera?

I immediately warned the troops and maybe there was a sign that even the end of the heated fight was just finished.

"

When the distance of 100 percent is approaching, I have known her appearance and there was an ID, someone is wearing a ID, which was laid down!

"Uy, the media!

I did not know the people of Requiestas, Bob Arum, or. "There was a other person who was working on the field of field of responsibility for them to be able to take care of.

"Sir, it's good that you didn't shot us at the neck, we talked!"

I just laughed at stake because they are right, that they will make that danger.

They asked the interview of Alico, I was not used to the media, I was shocked with what happened while they saw the M60 caliber gun that we recovered from Sabala which was the reason why many were hit by the troops.

When the media was able to leave, I talked to all the troops of Conversatings, we asked all of a bullet in short, ask him / her to commit suicide that night.

We also account for you to be able to ask for your amnesty.

In Scout Ranger him, the couple were able to sleep at the "rest Plan but as if I was able to sleep that night, I was able to sleep that night, and was looking at a coconut tree and was looking at the ocean.

Back to the barracks.

The next morning, I received the order that we are going to be BTB (back to the barracks) and the faces of the troops became brighter when I said that we went back to Cabanthem where our camp died.

"Let us continue our backs to October 10.

Even if we had a bloody unit in the said fight, I can see that the troops are still high and I have been observing everything if there is an idea of the sight of the team team Far Eastern Samar.

When I reached the high part of Upper Hinaplanon, I opted to call my First Class which was left in the camp.

"First Class, they are going to go back to the kidnappers in the Mess (Mess of hot soup and coconut chicken."

My High School is still that simple with my personnel.

I also remember all the broken troops that were in Camp Navarro Station Hospital in Zamboanga City.

"There will be somebody else to go there to our Li'll be able to be able to realize it in Camp Navarro.

I have found out that all WIA will be safe from danger because we smiled from good news.

After former in the camp of around twelve, our lunch is ready, and the fish is already prepared and the food will be laid down after a few minutes that I command the 'Kath' fist fight! "

After Special Action Force?

That afternoon, I likened to the Special Action review that we are talking about the events in the recent military operation.

They are still finding out what the troops are in order to know who will be responsible for the combat Awards for determine why there is a failure and reason why there are problems that should continue in the next operations.

Through plunder, which is being called by the Batal report (Apr.) which has a basis for the different parties, similar to the suspension of your amnesty and combat Awards.

Through April, the Company also warned those who are going to cross the combat with the TTristan (BTAC), which is a doctriment of papaya, and additional issues that should be distributed and distributed for training.

This is where some of the units are having problems, if the officials who were able to take care of them do not do anything but no matter how bad the shooting is, if no one can do not do anything, if they do not want to do not to do anything, if they do not want to do anything or not to do their earnings.

What I did was that, after the Batal report was the most basis of the Infantry Battalion and of First Scout Ranger, Regi for the Special Action Force that I have told him, we have told him to receive one of the highest combat that is admirable for our ancestors.

On the 19th of October 2001, I cross Zamboanga to visit them in the hospital and look at their situation.

Even if there are those who are right, I don't want to stand and depend on joy from the troop that is for me, I also thanked them because I am not killed because there are more others because of their sacrifice.

No matter what I do, I am also doing anything because whatever happens to them while they are in my roof, I don't want to call your relatives (husband or parents) to say that their relatives are dead in our fight!

OroZco was grinning, when I went there, I said that I would make a way for him to be-in-list of the Army according to the Production of the Cinyras discovered.

I am intrigued why he was hit while there was a saying that he is a briskly.

"Sir, it is prohibited for me to stop the using of his opponent when he became brave and let go of the M60 caliber gun that came from them, my Agimat,"

Anyway, the explanation of Anzon is also good, as long as it is okay, you should not be able to ask how he got away from the bulging waistline of his enemies.

We.

Just a month after the said fight, they were appointed by Scout Ranger Company responsible for defending 50.Anzon, of First Scout Ranger, Regi.
