Because of the extreme poverty of some students, they are forced to enter the school by singing.
Its effect is said to have a big effect on you, which is why there are students who learn not to don't like this.
Thank you, Tina Panganiban.
On the everyday arrival of ten-year-old John Paul, she always say that the food he got is still happy.
He often entered school.
She said she can't think properly so it is usually the late cousin.
You!
I am on the roof of the unit when there is a viand of Vitamin C that's why there are some of my children who seem to be ill-tempered; we have their ability to learn.
We're like a boy, he needs to fool people; and fur.
Blood sugar is not working so Mama Auring is at the school affected.
The ability to talk to him while he is teaching his teacher, Manny, who, in the past, will be too much school in his school.
He also does not know anything.
It's because he arrives in normal.
That is why even if it is part of what is going to school, when the night comes, it is not only on the other than half a million Filipinos, which was pointed at a land there in November.
"I did not go to their age Hoy, my program with Two.
So that it will be more pity and strong by Melgar Quinones.
He / she said that he / she went to the Commisies where he / she'll be deport, Pag-asa; Pag-asa; Pag-asa; not like John Paul.
He was confused.
That seems to be given a book, he is hardworking for all students to public schools whatever their weight is.
But while it is not here.
By the two friends of John Paul because they are included in the wish of my school, that is why when they are to be able to help them, they say that it's not easy for them to be at the same age, but they say it's not easy for them to go to each other, the children, who are living here, are innocent.
Because they only had a text message, as long as they have already entered the rice, Carmen and vegetables should go to the age of Carmen and vegetables so that they are going to wait for you aunt and nutritious.
He / she grew up; he / she needs to look at the white; that only half of his girlfriend should be seen.
According to them, they are part of the government's going to defense of DepEd, they are only able to take advantage of the budget of pork barrel, which is why Mercado is the only ones who will benefit.
Last year, four four o'clock in the whole year was the entirety of Lampihan who is very young in a program at past four decades.
For this day, the child can be able to send the child for a good location.
It's almost ten o'clock in the call that I am going to decide on the cheek of Two four months of our countrymen.
What the heck?
It was spoken to us but good news, getting angry and rejected a million peso for the coming, brother, for all five hundred thousand, maybe you will join the program there.
The number of members, who will have ended and will be lessened, will be lessened if the price of the children will be solved.
For the expected exchange of hope, it might not be.
There is no.
