Just tell Arturo or the white that I have said yesterday that you have told you, to leave his uncle, Ernie Manio.
Four o'clock in the act.
Yes, he will be abused by Manny Pacquiao to be annoyed because of those who know if you really want it if he likes it.
That's because they are stupid; we don't want to hear.
A pipe for Two years that we have money to buy for people so that you can see her older brother spirit of their attitude that he is only one of his mistress.
You also went with the barbells.
"That's why we are stupid; as well as Paul" who is certain with Paul ', what is certain with his mommy, that there is a good timing, that's why there's a good timing, that's why there's a good timing, which is said to have changed, which is said to have changed, which is said to have changed when he increased.
No matter what happens, there are just many things.
Yes, he / she grew up; he / she seems to have a meeting upside down, as if he does not want something like that.
I have a load for a hold-page; he / she is our enemy, that's why I am his enemy.
He is now ready to set up the length of a resort he was able to do so that he will not be impulsive with the little affection of your sister, and then the people who will support her daddy is not only a problem that is why your boss does not have a problem, and then your boss, is not only a problem.
What is the discussion?
Two people are fed up in front of them, and it is still early after he / she didn't get his nephew that's why you could not be able to do with his mother's bag that could not be cut off, but Manny Pacquiao have brought him to Boracay.
So that we can end up together.
Maybe Manny does not like you as well.
Daddy, one four Indonesians, four men, in case Angel is in a vacation, might be his enemy, which is why his enemies are being followed.
Even if we have an eye salary, there is only one eye on March when you are going to be brought by Satan later at the job of mommy, you do not want it depends on the race.
At the same time you came in the bark in the doctor there's a possibility of her eye's eyes.
He's happy.
When you watched it again.
So many others.
But you are not talking to each other as our favorite.
Meanwhile, we are searching when Pacquiao will win and will not be cheated on, that's why he / she didn't do that, that's why he / she didn't look like that, "right," are you still thinking about it.
Mommy's not four o'clock.
So, I will still be free for a long time.
Still?
Very small; he / she can always go ahead, the number of people that they can fight, but he is always sleeping with a large number of things here, they can fight, but he also does not sleep because his many breath is not sleeping; we are not sleeping.
He should be watched over by people after you already have the initiative to pay the payment for Manny Pacquiao yes.
"He / she said that he / she didn't know who he / she might go to who you are going to go to my woman maybe they have grown old that before you push through it, will you do something like that?
In the head.
In your head.
