The 82-year-old history of CEve.

As a unique alliance with the highest alliance in the country, the College was celebrated in the country, College was celebrated for the 82-year anniversary of writing, fight, and on top of this year.
Since he built last July 25, 1931, history became a witness to some decades of fighting against CEGP inside and outside the university which started to be more than 700 million pesos from more than 60 pesos from more than 60 provinces in the country at present.
In this long history, CEGP has gave birth to the individuals who were recognized in the country in different field and some of them were chosen by Heliga Benitez, Isagani Genabe Jr, Isagani Genabe Jr, Isagani Silva, and many others.
And most of this, the criminals continue to be involved and not just witnesses to the history of the people fighting against the citizens.
It is the situation of a distant place.
Now, like the past times, the campus will face again in threats of challenge.
According to Marc Lino Abila, national general secretary now of CEGP, they recorded more than 250 kilometers in the freedom of journalism in the university which was held in the University of San Carlos in Cebu City last April.
A few of these were the slope of the slope of the slope of Jesusa Pao'clock, full of UP Odeport of the University of the Philippines - Baguio, because of alleged articles for two years ago.
"The court has already released a warrant of arrest for Miss International Space last August last year where he managed to post bail from the donations of the organization and friends for his temporary freedom.," according to Abila.
CEGP also shared that the plunder case was held by Roque Devera of the University of the East because of its peak of its issue, they have no longer collected the administration who served last year (2012).
There is a part of the World Football League (Priority Development Assistance Center (MTPB) and Technology) foundry of Technology (EAMC) from the threat of close range from March if it will not accept the adviser of the administration who owns the administration for them.
"It is said that in the release of the administration that the administration has the power to meddle with all the aspects of the country which is as long as well as well as the use of funds for a long time until the use of funds for a long time." According to Abila.
The operation of the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office of the Philippines (TUP) - Manila is temporarily suspended because according to him, their staff, who were said to have been identified to have been identified to have been identified to have been identified to have been identified, are in critical writers, who are all in critical writers, are also having a hard time to be identified.
"He also faced the editorously part of it as well as well as well as a burden to the condition of the boat that was rolled over by their student, who was the former mayor, which was the former mayor, which was a former mayor," according to Abila.
NLEX's toll fee of the Philippines (PUP) and Taguig City (PUP) - Taguig City (PUP) - Taguig will also not recognize the administration as an official who will be the official who will be an official in a long time for the The Chadler.
It is said there is a threat to close the University of Cagayan Valley after a complaint against the Commission on Higher Education in Cagayan is set by the Commission on Higher Education in Cagayan the expulsion of CEGP about the price hike which continues to talk with the administration at present.
NLEX's toll fee of Holy Angel University of Holy Angel University (IED) in Pampanga came from the manual due to remove it by the administration who collected money on 2011 because of the released issue on top of it.
"As well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as the students who collect payment because of this, they collected the manual voting from the operation which resulted to the low number of computers that resulted in the low number of computers that resulted to the students," according to Abila.
Target of insurgency.
It has been said that the military is accused of dehumanies like CEGP as to their desire to send armed rebels to the Philippines.
It is once again accused that this front of the New People's Army (NPA) is a member of the New People's Army (NPA).
This is still ongoing under the Oplan Galugad conducted by Aquino, according to CEGP, he received a lot of reports of harassment from his members and even officials of the national office of CEGP who was receiving harassment from the national office of CEGP.
"February last year when Surveillance Response Unit of CEGP in Samar was followed by its officials up to the house of the CEGP) so that they know that they are in danger now that's why they know that they are in danger of those who are from the media," according to Abila.
Marc Abila, current secretary-General of CEGP) (PPETion.
According to them, there are men who are asking the other house if they were not able to sleep that night because of fear they were helped by the members of the National High School of the Philippines (NUJP) in Samar to be safe to bring to the airport.
Karl Heinharisees, Vice-President of Visayas of CEGP is wondering why the members of the Philippines were included in the order of the military from the copy of the military from the copy of the military.
"It was also one of the staff of the Islamic Freedom Fighters (Zuzurueggi Street and was followed by suspected members of the military while his staff was walking, he was asked by his staff, which was the member of a vacation because of fear and told him that he will not follow him," according to Abila.
The Pad er of Palawan State University (Police Station), reported that the AFP from their school said that the members of CEGP who were said to have identified the members of CEGP who were said to have complained were the members of CEGP who were also identified as well as the report of the residents of Cagayan Valley.
Abila added that in their celebration of the 120th anniversary of CEGP, they identified the agents following them since last morning when they were followed by them until the celebration in Visayas Avenue, Quezon City.
CJA.
Despite the harassment and threat to the campus, the fight of CEGP is continuing to fight for the freedom of journalism.
Abila added that the use of Nagtahan Bridge in 1991 (CJA of 1991) is ongoing for the schools to suppress the projects that will be held this Sunday, but in the implementation of the law, the opposite happened according to CEGP.
"Yes, the law has a positive content but the lack of damages in the administration to use its strength from the administration to use the CJA of 1991.
CEGP is pushing the suspension of the CJA of 1991-1991-list of habeas Party-list in congress, but it will not be enough to stop the violation of the violation of the vacation which is based on Abila.
"It would be a big help from the Islamic Freedom Fighters if it will serve as a big help but as long as the workers are not able to stop the campus, until now, the farmers have no land, as long as the political crisis, as long as the political crisis," according to Abila.
History of others.
On the motto of CEGP who is "Tyo,"
According to Abila, these kinds of violations against the society is ongoing because of the crisis in society who had a flow of issues in schools, he said, the national issues in the university is not separated, so the journalists should not be separated from society.
"If the budget of education will increase, they will report to the projects, he will report it to private schools, because even for private schools, because even for private schools, he is being harassed by the students," according to Abila.
According to Abila, the experience of the establishment that will be experienced in a vacation which is being attacked by them is being critical when it becomes critical for the contents of the issues inside and outside the university.
"At present, there are still those who are saying that the journalists should not take sides, but if you stay in the middle of taking advantage of the society, and if you stay in the middle of taking care and abuse, according to Abila.
