
You Ramon: Communists, a hero of the farmer.

The country.
There is 21, 2012.

It's not a few who felt that when Ka Ramon passed away last September 1, 2011 at the age of 46, the hundreds of farmers entered their tomfoolery and neighboring houses near their burial in order to stop the constitutional process.

Ka Ramon is one of those who served as the leader of the Liberal Party of the Philippines in its branch in a subdivision in Northern Samar because he is one of the constricted streets of the Liberal Party in the whole world.

Although it came from the kind of rich farmers, Ka Ramon was put to a hard work with the production of land when he became a member of the Liberal, he was determined to have a new figure and hugged his principles and resolve to those who are oppressed and being raped.

The image of Liberal in any issue faced by Ka Ramon.

Ka Ramon did not reach school when he was still a child when she learned to write and read in the school school which led to reading and writing, she quickly grabbed her understanding with the principles of Liberal Party and leeches.

He started to act on their subdivisions when it was just a young age of 15, he joined the young Rebolusyunaryong Alyansang Makabayan from then, Ka Ramon became a life of Ka Ramon when she joined the foul movement and became one of the primary sentiments.

Later on, he became a member of the Liberal, he is thorough in studying his awareness and knowledge to the suspension of the Liberal Party in their area, to share to the management of the Liberal Party in their area, to share to the Pizarro and giving service as the Poverty.

The resolve of Ka Ramon did not push through for the revolution, even if her body has started to rise in 2009 because of the illness of the movement, the interest of the people in their minds, she tried to call her condition and sweating, which was entrusted to them by the Liberal Party.

When Ka Ramon was taking a life, she repeatedly recommends the awareness of her husband and five children who are needy to always be united and trust the revolutionary movement, he warned each one who continued to fulfill their ballots.

The life of Ka Ramon which is allocated for others and not only for his own family will remain as inspiration to the farmers he served as his memory will serve as a total law for everyone who is oppressed and being raped.
