
The RH bill and doctor versus God.

If the RH bill will be completed the RH bill would be completed, whether the Congress, one day, the proposal will become a law.
"That is if President Noynoy Aquino is silent on the proposed law.
The rating of the congressmen and senators are being settled with other problems or mental problems in the Legislative Chamber and Senate.
The law of 15 days will usually prevail or be effective after it has been published in an official holiday in the Philippine area and if there is already been released by the Implementing Rules and Regulations.
There are laws that have long been started before signing because of the lack of IRR.
It is very strict.
But the anti-RH bill may have plans to stop the preservation of the implementation of the law through their request for a Temporary Protection Order against this.
Together with this is their petition to dismiss the law against different reasons like its violation on the Constitution or other existing law.
Long term solution and decision.
If the Supreme Court will accommodate the anti-RH bill, no one knows how long it is.
If you think about it, the Anti-Illegal Drugs Group was sentenced with six months of TRO.
The TRO may also last until the Supreme Court has a final decision.
If this will happen, nine-nine will take the law before it will be implemented.
That is if the court will favor the RH bill.
Nine are the implementation because of the long move of the Court in making decisions.
Maybe the time of making the decision in making a decision on Vizconde massacre, which reached almost 20 years from the regional trial court until the Supreme Court.
Widespread change.
If this happens that the law is fast, there will be a widespread change.
Especially on the discussion of children.
According to the words of the pro-RH, due to the number of condoms, pills, IUp and other ways to stop the pregnancy that will be assigned to barangay, there will be a loss of pregnant women who are walking on the streets.
It's because the government plans to make the distribution of things used against pregnancy.
Especially in the ranks of poor families who are said to have become a hobby of making a child. "
Hehehe!
Vasectomies and Ligation.
May there be a widespread campaign for vasectomies and Ligation.
Like what was done during martial law.
The man wasn't able to get pregnant through vasectomies because of cutting down or throwing a string.
That is also the same thing that a woman who was cut off was not pregnant or was tied on the road.
Even if there are news that have fallen because of vasectomies and Ligation.
Let us remember that there is a reward of 50 pesos in every patient who will face vasectomies and Ligation.
God is not a trend.
One of the quickly change is the belief of pregnancy.
The day will come that the word "God wants is not a trend, or the give of God" the pregnancy or "pregnancy.
All that was intentional and the fake there are their bodies.
The couple is set to gather or get married to their having children and as well as their children.
They do not need to consult or pray to God to have a baby.
Doctor Vila.
The doctors, nurses, took a glimpse and became the fist who will cover their trap due to God on this issue.
Many will knock on it, God does not respond if he is doing it.
If these are followers of God who are priests and nuns, there might be no one who will go to school because the priests and nuns have no husband and children, they are against the RH Law.
Hehehe!
It might be true confession and warning to those who will point and ask them to do, they say.
Scary.
Do you know that many houses now have hidden condom?
There are more condoms and other reasons for the pregnancy of the law to happen.
And the couple are not the only ones who will learn about using these.
The children in their birthday are being monitored by condom.
But when they get big and coming in the age of courting, they sat down, many will take care of sex.
And they will have the strength of having a secret to their parents because they will have things to have sex.
And if they will say that it is better to do nothing else.
There, the lives of the youth at the same time.
You are doing anything.
When a child has a child and is not ready for the youth for the one responsible, "they will look for the injection.
Did the answer be on the RH Law?
