
Lessons in every challenge, challenge for life.

In every challenge and challenge of life, there are lessons that you will find.
Just like what happened to our countrymen in Zamboanga City, that after they were suddenly attacked by the MNLF rebels, destructed by the flood.
In spite of the events, the sturdiness of the Filipinos surfaced and became understanding and belittled.
In the name of the order to restore the order and peace and according to the Philippine Defense Forum, and 28-September 2013, a total of 18 soldiers and five policemen gave their lives more or less than 20 days of fighting.
Meanwhile, 169 soldiers and 14 policemen were wounded.
There are different stories of heroism and sacrifices, what we heard, example is the example of Army 1Lt. Francis Corpus, and Navy Petty Officer 2nd First Class Jose Career, who are both included in the casualties.
He was scheduled to have a vacation from 1Lt Hospital because he was just recently finished by his Arab boss, but he was forced to go home to the operations in Zamboanga City.
When the trangenos that the soldiers and police need to cook their food while fighting, "the former did not hesitate to prepare for the amount of food that would be given by the forces of the government.
Because of too much volume, they needed to give importance to giving food so that the food was reported to have been hit by a mortar in his home while cooking breakfast for the soldiers.
The relief goods in the Philippine Navy, which was given by the soldiers going up to the BRP Benguet (LT 507) will be brought again if it is not because of the onslaught of typhoon "Odette" in Northern Luzon.
One by one, the relief goods for Zamboanga and the help in Batanes are increasing.
After a mission in Batanes, the ship went to Zamboanga City.
Aside from those that are from relief goods and medical assistance, the different agencies of the government have undergone the harvest especially the children in evacuation centers.
With the cooperation of DSWD, the Navy Civil Military Academy (Western Mindanao issued a movie for several consecutive nights that angered alcohol from the evacuation centers or old.
The council of Philippine Eagle Corps are looking at the members of Philippine Football Corps for those who are famous and male evacuees in the Zamboanga State Polytechnic College.
Whatever it is, in spite of the fact that the big part of Zamboanga City is still submerged and still submerged in the whole world, it is a lesson to the whole world with the growth of Filipinos especially during calamity.
It can be considered a lesson to the ranks of soldiers and police to ensure that those in danger even if they have a chance to avoid.
It can be considered a lesson for the needs of additional readiness and skills of our government to ease it, but to avoid this, these kinds of places in any part of the country can be considered a lesson.
Hopefully, he cannot forget the mentioned some of the lessons that should be basis for the appropriate steps in the future.
