
It is the effect of EDCA (ISS) for global warming at Subic (3).

The United Sates Navy with the anomalous contract of the Global Ternal and Development, Incorporated (global) and former administration of Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (SBMA) are the same.
This is the truth: It's as if the authorities lost the SBMA back to the three ports of the former boat to monitor the US Navy because of the said contract, which is continuing to happen even if the Deputy Administrator Midfor Legal Affairs and Sealter the Department of SBMA.
Just this past week, the US Navy supply will almost anchor because of the Global City.
Because they are not talking to the Americans for the services he needs.
The US Navy has its own bidding on public service and supply but they want to monopolize the islands in Subic, particularly the former SRF compound, the ships will anchor, based on its contract.
The Americans don't expect all of these kinds of Global City because aside from being against free business, there is a particular needs that they cannot give in Global and course, it is only natural for people to talk about.
The Global City was strong due to those who are able to contact the Senate like Senator Loren Legarda who is from Malacañang and even presidential sister Kris Aquino, who recently had a visitor in Segura Hotel owned by Segura Hotel, which is also inside SMAS compound.
It looks like the current SBMA board is not able to take action against the anomalous contract entered by the victims because of the fear that they will be held in position.
This is the truth: If the platform of the government of President Noynoy Aquino has a straight path, he will let the ability of the SBMA back to the private company of the very big agency of the government that placed them in an orderly implementation of the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) of the Philippines and the US.
Not only are the businesses but also the security and territory of the country who were stolen or occupied by the China in the West Philippine Sea, that's why it's just right for the immediate action of the tornado in Global City.
This is the truth!
