
The atmosphere of the contents of the contents of a 45-45 outside).

Sally does not allow them to take pictures of Jason at the side of a "working price hike."
This is composed of a lot of plants but it is moving like the clock, slowly, and giving the right time.
He / she was able to step down when they arrived at the Tuwid na Daan "."
The former was picked up.
Deal with the married couples who wants to get the time on that place.
They were happy to take advantage of the picture.
The two are to be fed up and sometimes, they cannot help but be able to avoid it.
While the two were happy, Sally noticed something.
A man who seemed to be watching a while ago.
The woman cannot help but see him.
His eyes widened when he got to know him and he was not able to avoid getting nervous.
Edward Schools.
Jude Torres is the cousin of the husband Jude.
He is with a woman but does not like a Filipina.
He smiled when she noticed that Sally were looking at her.
The woman was forced to approach him.
"Why are you here?
"Two years already, and I am going to go to school!" He said.
Jason approached them when he saw them talking.
Forced to catch the woman with a woman.
"Jason, my friend here in Philadelphia," he introduced Edward to his companion.
He introduced the latter at first as a close relative.
The two men shook their hands.
After this, Jason got away from them to have a chance.
Talk.
She just took her pictures at the nearby.
Sally is famous.
He knows that Jason saw them while taking a bath.
What should she explain to Edward.
"You could not resist you, anything," said the man, "just find a hobby here in Taipei."
The woman looked at the man.
She is pleading.
"We are the same, you saw the female Taiwanese whom I am with here in Taiwan.
"Will you tell Jude that we met here in this issue?" The woman asked the man to man.
"Womb," Edward answered.
"PNoy.
"Don't take it back to my story, but do not take pictures with my wife about what you have seen when you arrived home!" The man said.
"Thank you!" Sally said.
Their conversation ended when Edward was with her nanny.
The man said goodbye but he got the cellphone number of the woman before they got away from his companion.
When they were gone, Jason returned to his side.
"Your cousin might be talkative on the Philippines that you saw a man together in strolling here in Yangaron," the young man said.
"He said, there is no truth to him, but he also does a miracle here," Sally answered.
"How can you be sure?
Sally did not make a sound.
The man has a point.
Especially that she is not the true cousin of Edward but her husband Jude Torres.
He suddenly disappeared.
The young man took advantage of the opportunity to reinstate his plan.
"But do not worry if your husband will be angry at you and breakup with you, let us do our marriage permanent, we will get married here in Philadelphia, Sally," said Jason.
