The brain of the bombing in the said land. "

In the consecutive "bombing" in Mindanao this past week, our imagination of some of our countrymen prevailed.
He has this suspicion that Napoles or his allies in the government are there.
It's as if the media is looking at the issue about ten billion pesos of scandal which is currently being observed by the public.
In money, related to the government and experience of the former military officer, who is the wife of Napoles, what we can say is.
However, it is possible that this thing might be too big as a solution to their problem!
There is also a sign that it is possible that this may be a type of destabilization "like the chaos during the time of his mother, but the quake happened in his service.
For if the candidate of the palace is not preparing for the 2016 candidate, Mar Roxas will prosper in a big sister of Binay, Erap and Enrile!
Umm, Enrile, can it be, that's why it seems like you have a mixture of "tanim ia" that seems that he owns it! Hehehe!
Just a little bit for a few moments, it's not right, "stated by Angge Sam Sam" that's the reason that they have released a warning against terrorism that is the cause of the closed number of their embassy in the whole world?
It can be said, but that is if there is a deep step that is being cooked in Sitio Panglaw, Obama and his CIA!
There is also a suspicion that MNLF Chairman Nur Misuari is going to have a pending case because he will finally lose weight if he will allow the "peace agreement" by the government and the MILF group.
It can be recalled, but can Nur Misuari make a lot of innocent civilians to die and get hurt because of his pride and ambition in power?
Can it be?
Oh yes, isn't it that the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighter did not release one of the bombing that occurred?
Umm, he is only having a hard time to hold his words from the American Sushhmmmp!
As of now, almost all of us have doubts because we do not know anything.
Aside from this, those who are doing the series of bombing are responsible for the series of bombing there in "land promise."
But only one is sure, there are some demon who will benefit from what they did!
Whoever you are, just stop it, okay! PNoy might get irritated and thought of declare Martial Law!
That's why all of us are eheehek!
