Boatwright said, life is colorful!
"" If my husband comes back, I was able to fire back, I was cheated on! "The Boyfriend Kong Baduy.
By Jojo Cabinet June 23, 2016), we are hoping to interview the Boko sie Wonderland because of our feeling that his life will be colorful, full of experiences that will be a good life for her family to be given a lesson from Japan in order to give his family a good life to give a good life to her family.
Unknown to the knowledge of many, the Boyfriend Kong Baduy. Mary Jane Arriba was the former queen of Eat Bulaga last 2001.
"Kuya Jose (Manalo) and Allan KimXi." I am still not able to find it back then by Eat Bulaga, I am still not able to find it since I was still early since I was still alive at Eat Bulaga because of joining the supporters of ABS-CBN.
"I have a contract last year in Eat Bulaga but it was cut off because there were people in ABS-CBN, we joined, that is prohibited.
"I won in I," AiAi delas Alas, I joined the woman, i'll join the woman, I am always seen by Eat Bulaga, "said the Eat Bulaga," said Boyfriend Kong.
Boatamak got married last March 2016 but he asked that he will not talk about the "partner's relationship with a big contribution to her change in Japan because all his hard work in Japan were lost because he got addicted to gambling.
Boyfriend Kong should have been buried in debt because of going to the casino for not going to the casino because she is thankful to God and in showbiz because he is able to pay all of his debt from consecutive times in the television series.
The naughtiness of Booters came out when she told her story about her form of harassment and the Japanese whom he had a relationship with before.
"There are more intelligent that I am clever, it is good to talk to a Japanese because it is not an issue with them, when they have sex with you, it is still painful for them to have sex," the serious story of Boatwright said that she is followed by a crispy pan. "

; Serrano Street, Boquirin, has been experienced in a boy and their relationship lasted for the P3,000 three years but they were not able to benefit from their children.
"It's because my husband thought, it was about to pass, just in the gag.
"There are many times when he was almost pregnant, but it was not complete.
"We are married, we are now separated because he is a womanizer, we still have vices and we still see me as an actor).
"I said, we have been separated for a long time and our relationship with our partner is too deep, why are you still thinking like that?
"I was the one who left him with the news, I was able to go home to Dubai, I confirmed that he was pregnant, but I was surprised, but the truth was that I was talking with Boyfriend Kong.
