Happy Easter! By Cerezo, 22, 2016.
Starting to stars 25, Christmas Day, it will pour for balikbayan boxes to be sent or sent by OFWs in the Philippines for their own loved ones.
Because in the day of Christmas, the amount of tax exemption for balikbayan box will start, which costs 113 million pesos to OFW or returnees.
If you notice, we did not say that 113 million pesos or returnees are not said to 113 million pesos or returnees because P1500,000 pesos is the total value of the tax exemption per kilo or money coming home to 113 million pesos.
So, maybe there is a need to think that the Value Added Tax is going to send three boxes to 113 million pesos or total amount of 500,000 pesos for three boxes.
Anyway, it is a very big favor given by the administration for the tax exemption for 113 million pesos because before it is only 10,000 pesos from the contents of the balikbayan box, which is not needed by taxes.
Jad in the Philippines, in every year, OFW or returnees can be able to pay for an OFW or returnees?
Kennon Road.
So, in a year-year Year, for the three availability of this year, the value of goods that can be paid for tax will be P4.8 pesos.
He has not given absolute freedom because there is a point that the tax exemption will not be used for filing the amount of goods.
The conditions should be just personal because of the contents of the returnees, or those who were used to have been used (a hand-hand) or if ever they are personal belongings of those who have sent or sent a non-commercial drivers.
It is also not right to commercial drivers that are going to be sent to send for a candidate for alms, "by the Customs if the contents of your hole or the contents of the box will reach each other.
To be disappointed, you were just carried away by Calamudi, two bottles of perfumes and two bottles of alcohol.
Become free!
Traels, Christmas of OFWs and returnees are good because of the tax exemption of returnees, the disappearance of tanim-bala scam in NAIA and the better operation of our airports.
