PSC will wake up to Senior Police By Ramil Cruz, January 5, 2017.
Some of the lawmakers at the Philippine Sports Commission (PSC) will help each other by taking advantage of the Philippine Sports Complex in order to reduce modern sports in the country.
Sungala and yesterday in the press conference of PSC Executive Director Carlo J. Caparas and Police Regional Training Director Marc Edward Velasco, in relation to the formal launch of the Senior Police on January 16 of President Rodrigo Duterte at the PhilSports Arena in Pasig City.
"Fight IT led by Lanao del Norte Governor Kailbo Dimaporo, Lanao del Norte 2nd Fist Representative Aliangan said that even if we do not have a law, the sports Science and the administration will still continue to be able to discover the talent of our youth and teaching the new knowledge of the youth and teaching of new knowledge to the coaches and sports."
The two officials said, only the Philippines is the only country in Asia that is not like a school for sports which can be given to the building of sports Institute.
President Duterte himself went to the office of the Police District together with PSC Chairman William "Butch" Ramirez while he invited the other sports officials from the Senate, Chamber, Local Government and other agencies to witness the burial of the Chief Executive.
Ramirez earlier explained that the Police Office is based on the mission of Duterte's administration for them to rise in the danger of sports in the country from the accident, until the Elite level.
"The model of the coaches will be made up, Better Life and Police Senior Police Officer 3: 00, the chief of the Police) to be held at the table in the table, the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the supreme court.
The PSC launched the P25-million worth of the budget to be used in buying modern equipment for research of athletes, including the conditioning and training.
It is stated in the project that is focused on the Pacific Ocean Development Program (this is focused on the four parts of a score of contribution (1) training of Health Office (2) in Phase 1 (2) in Phase 3), Phase 3) and entering our athletes in SMART KIDs program.
