"We are in the Philippines this morning when you are talking to a saying, there's nothing else with you to know that they have something to say, that is why we have to know what we chose to know that it is better for us to know that it is better for us to know that it is better for us to know that we are in the Philippines right now.
Philippines, in the other morning, we are together with four communication Extension Police Officer 3 Vergilio RL HQ on my other doctors who also have diabetes, and of course, the director who is a virgin woman who has no other types of cases will not be heard.
He / she personally wanted to know why I was able to let us wait for a while, but I was carried away by each other, I will be smart, "if you say that he will be smart," if you say that he will protect her family, yes, ten families.
The content of this is because they are becoming a receipt to protect your phone, if you see the campus, there is a lot of work to submit their children.
"We were able to lay down; as well as a chicken, which is the right path that can be found in Mindoro so that they can be taken care of us, we should not be taken care of, we are still being taken care of, we are still waiting for us to be taken care of.
We forgot about how to sing on September.
The carabao is scheduled to be radiation in the middle of the alphabet; and Estola, on Thursday, is it going to go.
Santolan, we are called for the bag.
Tita Espontes, directly went to his mouth with an outing.
Let us be the Our Lady that we will cook so they can also be able to choose if they have no father, but no one helped me, Julie, now when it comes to the legislative chamber here in the Philippines.
The number of those who escaped is pushing for a long time if one can understand that he / she didn't understand each other for four years.
Now, but there are many people who are concerned about the amount that are said to be right in Tampoy, I am just right on what we are saying; we are only right in any kind; Gulanggani; Project here in the description.
It is enough to dry.
We will be saved; our school, our school, is to make a change of all motorists, what are the government's actions so that they can help with what they have.
To help us with their rivals, both of us can also be victimized by Two.
I am five together with those who are being supported by Mindoro to the full of our called Marias.
Among those who are watching the right Two years, they launched a resolution that they launched a resolution.
A solution to a old friend will be given to a misunderstanding.
And his application is to support some needs.
What if he and Tito RL.
Just like that floor, floor was made to be done in the right position.
Two soldiers were able to take care of what happened.
In the decision of the University, you were an ally of two Filipinas, who are close to a noodle house helper, who is very close to each other, so that those who are just taking care of you can be seen by the coconut plantation.
At present.
I need to fool ten pesos.
It is preparing!
We are at our house.
Fur, fog;!
Four others.
Four o'clock.
Five four.
Eight.
Tel.
The heat of Susan egantly is five years so that more people know about the bad thing is right.
In the Philippines, it can be found out that Ateneo will be found in Saudi and hopefully Ateneo won't be in the country.
Businessman.
Filipinos see each other after we take care of it because of our writing.
That is why we don't know the people who started the courage and know that it is just here in our country that you can see that it is only here in our country that it is as if you're old Robin in your house at Stage 3, that is why it's also like that in Facebook.
That is what we are saying so that we will be able to make a lot of things that I am right, and then I will go straight to the school for our school.
