
How can they use the 'Kath' Kath '"in going to war? (Also a part of 2).

On the part of my story, I have told the call of the Anti-Fire System similar to the actor, however, it was clear to you after I gave it to my desire to change.

I understand that most of the civilians don't know how to use a fire fire from Artillero or Moros).

To make sure, it is better to watch this video of Balikatan, it is better to watch this in the video of Balikatan, which shows knowledge and helpful to our soldiers, who are called horny.

If you analyze it, it is very hard for the work of the people who were firing their guns by 105umbler, instead of all the actions of his personnel at Rema, just like magic, ha-Coyo-up!

What is the appearance in the area that was made to be given by the actor, instead of seeing the video in the top of where it can be seen that Mark is in the position of the pipe and to call for a high fire piston which can be seen here or he can still remember, it can still be remembered!

The question, is it a good feeling if you are the ones around the huge area?

"It was said that we just call me 3:" Aten o'clock! "

Ilonggo are saying to get rid of the fishpond! "

Residents of Visayas, "Ginger Conejero, who was tortured, has not died!"

The appearance of our appearance is funny because of the fear of getting their own fire piston which is very painful or painful?

Bad in the way, to those who are saying it's okay to let the White Photoshop) even if there is no Formal Entry Approach, you will recover!

We can even see what we can even hear stories saying, Dukhovnaia, the patrol report of the actor Trillanes IV, even if there is no one talking to Formal Entry SEC.

By of the Philippines, this is what we should remember: The White Philipines us (WP) round, it is the speed of fire inside the skin and other things that makes the heat of the skin, which is like more opportunities that has become ill-tempered towards you!

By of the way, look at the appearance of the White Philipines, full-tempered in the video of the lower part.

If you will make the White Philipines, and when the victims are cut off, right now the Tsong, you want the system to be complete, let us learn from the experience of others!

Call for fire.

How can't be a simple person to be able to send the actor, who was able to file a fire in an administrative unit?

Listen, do not fall asleep!

First, the Fire Protection Program (FDC) needs to be held at the cauldron containing goods, which is why the Formal Entry SEC. Who will give an x-Tropas.

It is just like that, yes, it is really like that, it can just call for an extensive radio program, just call for an administrative case like the FDC, which is the reason that the patrol is given to him while they were fighting.

Why is there a need for the person to talk to the FDC, of course, he should be directly talking for and the FDC because they have a direct discussion, because if there is a challenge, it is wrong, if there is one who is at fault!

What if we don't get to talk to Forward Malabar spinach or Patrol Leader who knows how to know a call for Fire Protection?

Bakil, wouldn't it be given for an actor, however, you are also looking for anything, right? Of course, the FDC has a blind eye for the target of the target?

I will repeat it, it is painful to look at around 10-millimeter pistol or a high improvised explosive device (WP) or a high improvised explosive device (WP) or a high improvised explosive device (HE), so that you can play the video in the top of you, just play the video on top of you.

To those who still don't want to believe, the dwarfs, who is briskly, said that they will take care of the people who want to let them keep on their positions when they feel the effects of its effect.

It's a puzzle.

There are many things that we think about this issue of fire.

According to the saying,: "With great power, a great responsibility."

The training of the people who are using the actor Trillanes IV and mortar was strong which is being raped by the army to avoid accidents and make sure that the military is involved in what they are doing not to hurt other soldiers and even innocent civilians.

In a military operation, the station commanders are planning to have a plan well, and they are preparing a plan, they planned to have failed, why, the 10-millimeter pistol that can be hit and fired a gun, just like in an accident!

That's why, to those who are starting to be fired by the actor, who is not able to talk to, Forward wasn't able to talk to!

