
A small piano will continue the employees of the government by Darius Valdez.

The workers in the government said that Duterte has done many things for the first 100 days, especially in the peace talks, but for the workers, they have not fulfilled any promise.

Included with the platform of President Duterte during his campaign is the end of the end of the contract of contract or ENDO, or a lot of problems that the workers are facing, but after 100 days of his service, the government employees are still waiting for the promised change until now.

"In the past 100 days, we still do not see any difference with the previous administration and to the Duterte administration," Santiago said, the first vice-president of the ConFootball Federation for Unity, Recruitment and Admiral Kuyang.

"Although he said that he has made a word, it still hasn't been achieved (his promises) is still not implemented, and his call is still a call from the past administrations that should be implemented in the past administration which should be implemented by the National Football Wage of public and private sector.

But the attack of the workers is still ongoing, on October 11, the Department of Agriculture released a resolution that costs 50 percent of the Job Fair that would be effective last October 1.

"It is clear that this is still very clear, he even explained that he just shows that there is no certainty in work even with the ranks of government employees.

It will happen that in some agencies of the government, and of course of Calaguas Darius Valdez, chairman of the Social Welfare and Development Authority, chairman of the Social Welfare and Development, it will not agree with the order of Duterte to stop the illegal detention case and preparation of one of those who are fighting against each other.

In their data, Bacquiran, who is one of the three employees of the government, is able to stand by one of the three employees of the government as smooth, or physical order or contract of service, the workers, according to him, taking advantage of more than half a million workers.

"It has been a lot of things that the Duterte administration has done, especially in the peace talks," according to Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno, "according to Budget Sec. Benjamin Diokno, they will have a plan to show it to Budget Sec. Benjamin Diokno, will become a plan to show it to Budget Sec. Benjamin Diokno.

This October 19, the employees of the government went to the Batasang Pambansa, including the workers of the DSWD, of the National Food Authority, MMDA, and other branches of the government, even employees of conscience and technology.

Their call for the meaningful wage increase is ongoing, with no assurance that there will be no work, and not only in their ranks, not only in their ranks, but also in the private sector.
