PO 3 44; "he will fail all all out war."

One week after the declaration of the President, the highest leader of the southern end.

Meow, what can you say about the call of Duterte that it is all out war on the Liberal Party of the Philippines (CPP-NPA)?
Jaime "Ka Diego" Padilla, the OPLAN should have failed at the Oplan Galugad conducted, from Oplan LS, it is also not all out war against Cory Aquino that will be ready in their attempt to protect the rights of the citizens and fight for the rights of the citizens and for sure that a real, just and long-lasting peace.
Meow, who will hit the all out war against President Duterte and the operation of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP)?
JDP: The people are the victims of all the all out war against Duterte, we are sure that human rights are increasing in fact, even before the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) and the Philippine National Police (PNP) and the Philippine National Police (PNP) launched operations in the community which cause violence.
Wow, what do you think is that the government of the Philippines (GRP) is hoping to implement the Comprehensive Final Agreement on Human Rights) to implement the Comprehensive Agreement on Human Rights (Carhmmmp) especially that Duterte stopped the peace talks?

JDP - more than 400 prisoners remain imprisoned, he still has statements about the arrest of the Philippine Democratic Front (NDF).
MelGideon Isarog - NPA Southern Tagalog is open to taking advantage of the members of the NDFP Neediting in the time that they will not be caught by the members of the NPA as armed men in order to ensure that they will not be caught by their own duties while there is no peace talks.
Meow, do you still want to continue the peace talks?
JDP: We still want to push the peace talks while there is a fight between our hands while our hands are not tied, it can still continue to discuss the problems of the armed conflict and answer the root of poverty in the country.
Meow, what is your call for Duterte?
JDP: We are calling Duterte to continue the peace talks to answer the five decades of fight in the country, as well as to see the political prisoners as duty in Carhagat.
Meow, what is your call to the people?
JDP: The red pickpocket was calling the military who continues to push the peace talks and join in the national issues that they need to act and join in the Saligang Batas of the NPA, they may go near the Pth headquarters of the NPA, they may go near the PL.
