Especially math, Enteng has a different military contract, which is why it's not only the ability to measure the enemies of our troops that are also the sake of our troops.
This is the reason why it reached out to go outside, the soldiers were killed after he was asked to tell her as a call sleep in the past month of Q: C the next month.
August 22, there is already five soldiers who were killed in the said story in what they are, including the color.
All of them came from school bones, are we not doing something like that?
Behind the military doing laundry in the position of the ashes, those who take advantage of the ashes were wasted, that's why there's a lot of people killed.
But there is still a problem that is why the soldiers are more obstacles.
This is the coins of the soldiers who are enemies.
The complaints were the soldiers, many of the coins were not delayed.
While it is raining, there is a bullet from what they said that their gun is having problems.
Most of those who are still in there and did not go into accidents; rather, the ones who decide before deciding the dog a type of afternoon.
I said.
That comes when a gun has problems that might not be like that, you have a lot of people.
For two days of what you are planning to tell about it, we give up money in Cebu.
Any eight dog.
A case that comes to church and a person.
It is also not used by firecrackers.
But it has already increased.
Four but one 'white cloth that really did not pass because the part of the country is broken.
That's when there is a damage that will be implemented, especially at that end of the gun.
Yes, he shouldn't allow that to be a record that's why there's no record that's why there are a lot of people that are being used by that.
But you have a new and very kind of discussion, I do not see anything depending on the things of the owner.
"Do you not in the investigation of our Filipino, that is two of the primary reasons why the soldiers used to take care of themselves from the barangays who have also used to take care of the products they need to take care of the products that are supposed to be used to the products that should be used no matter how many are used.
In our investigation, it seems that our troop will stay overnight.
There are a lot of fruits, who are very strong; we are the most serious with what we have discovered that it is really a traffic that the soldiers are going to help, which is why it's really a traffic that we have ordered by the Philippines that we have ordered by the Philippines to remove the bullets that we have new.
The reason, Jony.
