Is the "Filipino-time?"

By Tomas, Santos - January 30, 2014.

When it comes to technical and meaning of time, only one should follow the standard, but if we talk about the Filipino culture, the scheduled time may be followed or not just what should be followed?
Just on the first day of January, the Department of Science and Technology-Philippine Attaché and the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (Noni), the Philippine Standard Lunch Program (PhST), said that the Philippine Standard Lunch Program (PhST), "said that an hour with a candidate for an hour," said an hour with illegal activities or tasks.
According to Mario Raymundo, the actor-engineer of Adolfo Saure is certain that one of the primary objectives of the filipino masses is to avoid negative connotation of Filipino-time from being caught in time, wrong discipline, and joining the hours of our fellowmen.
"What is often caught in things that will cause many happy opportunities," said Raymundo.
According to Augusto De Viana, chairman of the Department of history of the university, there is a good thing caused by.
"It will be able to save time and the Filipinos will become better when holding an activity and other meeting because they know when this will start and finished."
Aside from this, it is only timely to change the negative rules in order to keep up the Philippines in taking care of the neighboring countries.
He said, my professor was also received by Filipinos not only in the field of business or service to the country but also the real humane of each one.
That is the meaning of Filipino.
Jose Rizal also mentioned in his popular novels "Noli Me Tangere" and "El Filibusterismo" the giving importance of Spaniards to their positions just like the governor general and other personnel of the novels of Rizal.
However, De Viana said that the negative connotation of Filipinos is never considered as part of the culture of the country.
According to him, the concept of Filipino is coming back in the time of Brigada Eskwela in the country, from what they are often holding when holding an orderly and gathering, Filipinos noticed that the most important people in the society have arrived.
Because of this, the Filipinos had a resolution for the minds of the Filipinos which the most important thing is coming.
When the Spaniards left the country, Filipinos got their attitude to make it again to inform the majority of their importance of things since then, while it is still early when they wake up, those who are known and those who can be known and those who can be known for the arrival in different meeting or poor will also be used again.
When the Americans were conquered by the country, they noticed that it was too late for Filipinos so they gave it a negative meaning that they called him "Filipino-time," which has become a part of the Filipino culture to be held at present.
Reporting for a official who has known for an official.
The government of the country has implemented several times to avoid negative comments about the Filipino culture.
The Philippine Standard Lunch Program (PhST) on the 19th of June, 1977 was started by former President Ferdinand Marcos who said that the local officials of the Philippines who are responsible for those who are responsible for those who are responsible for those who are responsible for those who are responsible.
After this statement was approved, it was immediately implemented by the Saligang Batas of 8 in the year 1978 which was assigned in the government as an official known in the Philippines.
However, although the law that will strengthen the PhST, it reached 35 years before the implementation of a strong and critical law regarding this, it was the Philippine Standard Lunch Program of 2014, which was signed by President Benigno Aquino III last December last year.
The campaign of Afuang.
"That is why at the start of 2014, we are hoping that there will be changes in the attitude of the Filipinos when they give importance to the time of their fellowmen," said Raymundo.
In the jurisdiction of this law, all national agencies in the country are part of this law - with the state of local government units, all the local government units, all private sectors of television and radio, and all private sector or agencies in the country.
Even in Unisan, there is no reason for Toi to be the last because there are GPS which is based on the buildings that are also based on the glamic issues.
According to Raymundo, the amount used to implement this law is dependent on the General Appropriations fund of Afuang.
According to him, the total project will be a need to be seen in the clock, which costs more than 50 million to be implemented in the whole country.
At present, we would like to intensify the improvement of every time because of all establishments and buildings in Metro Manila, where it will be placed by the Network, protocol or what is called Global Postigo (GPS) where the common people can be placed at the Philipines (GPS).
It is a big step to implement the Philipines to avoid the negative connotation of Filipinos.
"We are hoping that the start of the right use of PhST) is important because it is important for the future of the Filipinos, this is important for everyone to start saving and respect the time of our fellowmen," he said.
According to De Viana, not only the government should be the one to lead in fixing a "Filipino-time," every Filipino needs to cooperate in order to be successful in order to be successful in the implementation of "Philippine Standard Lunch Program."
"Let us remove the old concept of Filipino's time to always be affected because it is not good for the country," said J.R.
