"What we are saying now right now is light from me, that it is a good thing for me to be able to talk about this morning regarding this morning, but it's a good morning in the Philippines, we have a lot of gratitude for singing and that we have a lot of gratitude for singing and then visit our backs to the Philippines.
You have paid for an important thing that we should know our fellowmen because our state is already lacking.
"He is now in the Philippine area, maybe in the time in the islands, you are noisy in a small picture, which is the National Bureau of the Philippines' 70s; I will start all of the people who have watched until now that we have to understand each other in the school.
Until that happened to our troop.
Because of this, the Filipinos are dismayed by the Filipinos who were riding a motorcycle in the Philippines.
Who are taking advantage of the personality.
This started for a long time.
There was an eight eight years old people who were almost along with him when they were still unidentified.
There is no.
The result of the Philippines is our Filipina bosses: I have a small ship that is owned by our Revolution.
It was not revealed in an argument that's why I went to the post here.
Manila.
It was the first time he was replaced.
My name of the ship, which started with each other and started the resolution of your telephone when we had a survey results from our Philippines, that our Philippines, his friend, did not recognize that we were the one whom I chose to reach Philippine Ivy.
They say they are co-workers.
It is very lucky that the state of them got insecure so as his revenge.
The integrity, will also help the Philippines to help in the Philippines.
But he is very confident, before we say that we were able to go to Taft Ave in Taft Avenue Medical Center; we are still going to go to the motorcycle of Jason even if it is still going to go to the motorcycle of Jason even if it is still time when our fellow president, PNoy, are still going to go to each other.
The motorcycle of Jason got out of the ashes.
Combine these from there and then.
The motor of Jason, who came to the Philippines now, is that this is the amount given by the U-M and then in Australia, there are only one of us who shows that this is only one of those who showed that this is only one of the thick smoke coming in there that's why it's only here that there is a thick smoke coming in there.
So I arrived at around four o'clock in the morning.
Both of them have already received a text message and then in Social Work.
We are Zero.
Covetous, fog; but, that is a security guard; and fog; of Carmona one operation.
I will still go back to that big impact that we are using small things that we use to the beginning operation of her secondary education yes.
There are even more of these to I have a lot of people who have returned to the Philippines five o'clock, so when I arrived here in the Philippines five months, and then we still have two Del Pilar, which is why we still have two Del Pilar, which is the right thing in Cabanus.
Covetous, Paving, Ramon M.
Yes, First Class.
The third, this will come.
I have been busy this year here, if you remember, we can remember this year-Year when it comes to the hut.
My grades in Saudi are going to be able to donate two ships, Tito Paul who is in the third week of our vacation in a welder, which will come to the future.
He / she was grossed out; he / she was grossed out; Cordova.
It's okay and it's also coming that we have been chosen by Betamax of Beata.
Former four Indonesians, six months have passed and I am going to go there in Guam, political.
In the Philippines.
Yes, this is Senator Velasquez four ships that we can use, we can use it to our own father by Coco, five percent, like what we can say that on Thursday, he / she said that it was on Thursday when we can say that it ended up to four years.
Are we saying that we are anxious of anything.
Fuck, deport; we can handle the same.
Text, what else will we do?
Here, and that, we are anxious that, it is good that we do not have something to do, that's why before, we can say that we are going to go to us, we can say that we would be next to us yes, and then we are going to go home, we can go home early and then will go home to Berto-Pacific Ocean.
On the post of Mindoro, the motor of Jason can be held up to red, and will be brought to red and will be brought because it's just a month of fulfilling Patricia and plan.
Immediately the concluna is, hoping that he will continue now for the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency, what else will be revealed in your program and Emma?
Yes, we are very pitiful; we have forgotten that this is a month of Allan, when it suddenly came that there was a person who arrived in the town of Jobelle "that's the one who called out of S / she '" C' Street, KH Street.
It was also a part when we saw that the ship of the Philippines Marlon to Dac had a part of service in college that their Philippines - eight two Palestinians armed with their Philippines, are very biggest in the legislative chamber.
First in the first in number 1, his voice aims to hold it more and what's okay is this, this is the last name of a franchise so that it will be a good surname as a couple of franchises so that they have to pay attention to Ggrandchildren.
It was like that, to one of the male teenagers, he / she was able to fulfill everything that she was able to be cut down, but he / she should have been cut down, but he / she said that, but now, we were forced to go to school; we were forced to go.
Joel one in February.
!
For the meantime, this will be held here in our big times that we don't have here, we are not here, we can stay here.
Our president, our president, is in order for him to sit on his post, and then Ceelf, this has arrived three times from Australia abroad.
They will also go with two Palestinians.
Yes.
You can hear.
Why am I on what I also say?
In June.
"There's still a joke so that I will fight right, right, or later we will fight that, we have something to fight, we have said that this is a small amount that we want," Ikaw Lamang, a small thing we want to call as "Toto"
We are calling on the cellphone of the Americans for Two people who have already seen each other as long as they see a Belt motorcycle that we saw as a Belt; we can see that the fever of our troops were gone; we can see that the fever of our Philippines was gone; we ended up together in grade 3.
This is what we are doing, sir?
There, in the church, I have forgotten that I have forgotten to drink, I have forgotten what happened, "my card was able to go around, like the publication of our race with Adeleza Recruitment and Mister Tulfo's real real.
He / she was able to look down; he / she was able to take care of his personal cellphone that is important to be an asset of an organization, fog; and godchildren of Two Wives and four sons.
Because we will just go slowly.
You are applying.
We were a soldier of our room for the coldness in the bathroom where people are going to go there from the bathroom.
That's why they are crazy; we are calling the old times in spite of it, that means no.
There are training who are going to cook white vinegar as well.
I will just go back to V: I say that you have mentioned earlier that you can use an eight-month-month July in the store but you are right to have a chair, right, and what is made from Yolanda.
There are all communication and copra makers here.
He can go to Betamax of Beata in order to go there, because he can take it in the head.
Three thousand nine have passed and together.
If there is a stop.
It is like that, it has been two days since four in the room and that is when there are two of these.
You might have a contract.
He was able to send a new year-year-old maid for his lawyer, whose name is low; and five in the Philippines, five in the Philippines.
There are two of our sim card that both have done on the contract on the company of the ship which is needed now to be able to send the vehicles, which is needed to be able to send the vehicles, which is really important, and sometimes, Del Pilar, on Thursday, will really be able to send the U-shirt that's why he still loves, "
Giving the U S. a t-shirt that you do not seem to have been strolling by the Philippines, like that, like a new salary, which seems to have been strolling and in the barangay in Australia when she is very lucky, that's why he / she was very lucky, that's why he / she was very lucky, very much.
He just copied the two exercise that he joined the behavior of April boy with the book which was from Singapore which was when I arrived in the troop.
We will help that we are proud of.
It is said that we can ride when he approached me, I will point to him especially that if you're talking, you will ask anything that I am, later on you.
Please, Francis.
At night, you know the situation.
For me, but I will just be carried away by me.
Just him, all of us, just like us.
Until when will he go to money until he / she can say it, according to him.
All the end of former four o'clock in the afternoon, I can only look at the entire afternoon; we are just watching over the streets; so that you are going to go to the Philippines, so that you are going to go to the Philippines, which is probably open to go to the Philippines, which is probably open to the Philippines, which is probably open to the Philippines' side.
Oh, i'll be able to visit a few of you in Facebook, what you should focus on Facebook, what you should focus on Facebook, the children, who are small-minded; you are up to each other so that you should be brought immediately by them.
Two are two of them.
He is going to be at the bottom of the computer and thinking.
I am the one whom I need to prolong their school diploma that's why.
You are attracted with TESDA.
Hmmmp!
The number of Two people are over to form.
Then, we can see each other; I also need to get along with the cellphone that they will go to when we go there.
In the operation conducted by Lo'clock, I finally finished the streets; as well-fog; and X-page; there are four-years old; but only four-years old, but they know that I am priority because of Baby.
!
Yes, we have five children, that is how the man goes with and his bones, he said before.
Yes, Francis.
Five-four-four were five o'clock.
Man and not with women.
Now, as long as I don't want to play in time, you cannot understand.
Bitter.
We can't.
I don't have five children.
Marimar, said to be different.
The eight-year-old child.
They are personnel.
I have two children, which is why you are far away, many are far from each other so that I can do something like that, perhaps, that.
Can there be a lot of things that can be done there, that is no legal so.
Yes, that's how he is thinking.
That your father, who is very sweet, fur.
A minor, which is also one of those who has an invitation to us, will be an invitation to us, for the coming years, that's why he / she's the one to be chosen to sit on his co-workers.
Guard.
Thank you okay, yes, I am not like that, admiral Cesar and why of clothes, I am thankful that it's the program that aunt is cut off.
What is the baby, that is really, for everyone who has been courting her for so long, she is feeling dizzy and heard that it is your man Bitoy of all other parts of the Philippines from the country.
Island, up to Tagaytay, we are also our co-workers who are our co-workers who are really like that, in the year of Campoy, thank you very much to thank you very much.
In your support to your Philippines-t-V, we are now here with many tasks, we continue with many tasks, we continue with many tasks for you, at the pier, four years and now, we will let you have a lot of thanks and continue.
Brocherness, whose name is very low; we really want to force; to force, to force, to force, to turn our backs to a Filipino and service for a Filipino and in the country, I explained to Juan.
Luna - very pitiful; we can't talk to our Philippines, who are going to talk to our Philippines, who can talk to the Philippines, who can't just laugh, "don't laugh at it.
You.
