
Most important is the different kinds of ability.

Just recently, the Commission on Human Rights was initially reported to have a big part of a rescue from the ship who was MV Lynch Quatar.
According to the report, the said ship had a fire in his rented room in Dog Sulu and with the help of the joint forces of Navy and Coast Guard who were immediately given help to the ship.
Particularly here, the security team gave an estimation of the ship from the three ships of the Navy, while the crew members of the ship are taking advantage of the damaged machine that gave way for its completely rest and orderly journey towards Malaysia.
After two days, the Navy gave a help again in another vehicle that was destroyed and there was a yacht he was destroyed and there were some foreign tourists near Negros Oriental that were reported to be hurt in this incident and was successful which was rescued by the Navy.
It can be recalled that in the past few months, the Navy and Disaster Risk Reduction and operations were instruments after the earthquake in Negros and Cebu and before this is in the typhoon in Iligan and Cagayan de Oro.
It is obvious, my friends, who in all incidents and response by the Navy, has the ability to respond to different kinds of disaster on the ocean and at the ocean.
But in front of all these, the Navy camp still does not neglect our wide ocean against evil people who want to make the environment, peace and integrity of our territory at sea.
In front of different opportunities in need the presence and response to the ocean, it can be seen that the part of the Navy, along with other agencies of the government in the care of our ocean is very big.
It is here in the role that it will be seen on the importance of a HRO that can perform his important role in the time of peace and the calamity.
That's why, it can't be done properly and totally all of this if the support of our countrymen is still there.
That is why with the help of all, the Navy can handle all of these!
