The class in Zamboanga still has not yet allowed to open the operation of the military against the terminal at Hanglement; he / she chose to know the latest time from us together with George mountain which is in Zamboanga.
George, the enemies are asking about it.
So I also told the eight o'clock in the evening against her godchildren of November of the crown for free.
Fur.
Four little by little.
The barangay Barbara in here is being saved, but is being made by many since it ended there.
That classes will open, however, the room was still not allowed in the opening of the plastic bags that was said to be dangerous, especially in schools that are probably dangerous, especially in schools that are likely to be hit by Zamboanga City.
Atong PCCO said that there are waiting or I am waiting for us to sit here, which is why we are pointing at each other.
That is Zamboanga Ate Vi.
Of course, of course, we will not agree because we are still dangerous.
For the teachers and students.
Yes, it is just proper to be affected by the tornado after the fire.
It was destroyed by a long time that it has not been gone for a long time; we were able to go back to the Doctor Love, who came from the Doctor Love.
Only the students were not allowed to go to school; we can still see the teachers from you, that is why he really needs to report the start today and Saturday Sunday, so that the teachers who did not respond to the teachers are not allowed to follow it.
I am traumatized by my political management.
It is said that the one who bought the free operation in fairies, especially the teachers, will help a lot.
He directly hit in Lucban, according to him, he / she was a doctor, 37 years old, and ten thousand pesos.
Who lost their homes, so what Ruby was about to end up earlier, they are going to come near their houses because they have been feeling well because of four schools he finally entered.
Very small; unciation; "isn't one Elementary School which can't be seen by DepEd's four rooms to know what kind of teenage girls for the teachers.
Before a road and sixty seven elementary school have been affected in Zamboanga.
It can still not wait for it because it is Charisible because it has become a lot of stars that are being used to scare us; as well as their merchandise.
Which is possibly the cause of my menstruation, these are their supporters.
He made sure that the doctor is very proud; he / she is the one who will directly help.
In Project NOAdik-asa; these kinds of tires that have no residence here are not a misunderstanding between them.
Derek Paras went around six o'clock in the time and I will give it to the government.
