Bela Padilla in Camp Crame is the heart of By Jun-August 11, 2016.
Bela Padilla has been gone for a long time, but it is still about the action of ABS-CBN starring Coco Martin for those who are interview him at the press conference of the movie Camp Sawi.
Despite the others, Bela Padilla's disappearance had a different reason for someone like before who got insecure so the one of his co-workers got insecure.
"Neal 'hness, I was so lucky that I became a part of Ang Propaganda of the province, because I have already reached 29 years old," by Bela Padilla, I should not talk about her disappearance at the Ang Production.
Even if it was about to be held in Camp Sawi, it can't be said that Bela Padilla is not fill-fated when he arrives in the gathering of Bubby Goaynon, which is their relationship with a candidate Neil Arce.
Neil Armstrong was one of Camp Alagar of Camp Sawi and he / she takes care of his girlfriend's career.
What's good with Neil, even if she is also part of the showbiz world, he was able to build a boxing ring in Camp Sawi, which is why a single man with his girlfriend is not a tight one.
Irene Villamor was the director of Camp Sawi. Direk Irene was not new to the movie industry because he has been a assistant director of Miss Joyce Bernal.
He was identified by Antoinette Jhated one of the movie, just relax, IT's JO-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-Pag-asa.
Aside from Bela Padilla being stars here, Arci Muñoz, Andi Eigenmann, Vandolph, and Sam Milano.
We have been known by Direk Irene who is also the assistant director of Miss Cancer, Richard Gutierrez-KC Concepcion movie, who is the The First center of Star Ngayon that she got a lot of scenes in Santolan, Greece in 2008.
Direk Irene was happy with her when we got Scholastica, visa at the Greek Embassy.
Though and time, Direk Irene wore white pants and a black pants out of his knee.
His former is similar to other people who climb up the bus that suddenly lit it up, so he will be surrounded by teasing that he is riding on.
He just laughed and laughed at a joke that after we applied a visa, he was directly given to EDSA and will go up to the bus to fly.
When we saw each other at the press conference of Camp Sawi, he was hugged by Direk Irene at the adBreak that was given to him this week.
