
Alarm in Syria, fear of illegal immigrants?

By DBP.
February 9, 2012.

The country is Syria in the Middle East.
The air conditioner was lurking on this day in Syria, where there was a conflict between the removal of the President of the country, Bashar al-Assad.
In the middle of the conflict, many Filipinos are in an uncertain situation because up to now they have difficulty going home because of the failure of the Department of Foreign Affairs and the embassy of the Philippines in Syria to take care of their welfare.
The situation of Syria.
First of all, the Overseas Filipino Workers (OFW) was criticized by Overseas Filipino Workers (OFW), led by Migrante International, the role of the government of the United States for the quick worsening of the situation in Syria towards a war in Syria and his allies in the local issue of the country.
"Like what happened in Libya, the United States formed a resolution recently to oust Syrian President Bashar) al-Aspera.
Tugna believes that the bloody operation of the US in Libya is possible to happen in Syria.
"The call of the citizens of Syria is legitimate for change, that they think are useful in their country, but the citizens of Syria should not be allowed to resolve their issues," Martinez added.
Migrante International is focused on the government to help the OFWs caught in the war in Syria (contribution).
The grief of the OFW is grief.
In a press conference, it was stated by some women OFWs who have gone home to the country in the middle of the chaos in Syria, the contents of their stories, lack of food, and lack of communication to their loved ones even inside the embassy of the Philippines.
According to the OFWs from Syria, their owners did not allow the Filipino employees to go out of the house because of January 13 last year, from January 30, but when they arrived at the embassy, they were still imprisoned.
"It's as if we just let us go there without something to eat," the other for almost a year and has not yet returned, "he said.
According to the OFWs, there are a small amount of food given by the embassy, but for now, they have been divided on a small piece of chicken, but it is really difficult to eat those that you are really eating, "Elizabeth Goliath.
In the intensity of the war in Syria, Filipinos who are working there, according to Migrante has been in danger.
It is also difficult for communication because some of the employers have been used by the OFW who were able to talk to her son Benj and she was not able to talk to her daughter Analyn, who is now in Syria.
Martinez asked, "why did our embassy refuse their things to use the communication of our countrymen?"
The story of Jocelyn Orcaada, who was the victim of rape, "when he got out of the embassy who was raped by a taxi, was even raped by a driver and was thrown in a crowded place in Daetsk.
It was said that there was no investigation that happened and there was no longer caught who raped the said Filipina.
Reason of the DFA.
Martinez criticized the DFA in an orderly treatment of OFWs in Syria, aside from the lack of fixing documents and quickly spread by the Philippines of this.
There would be petitioners from Syria since last 2009 but instead of Migrante's estimation, there are more than 18,000 Filipinos who have entered it in illegal drugs.
In the conversation of the representatives of OFWs from Ricardo Revil, Executive Director of the Office of the Office of the Office of the DFA of the DFA, it appears that the department has a fund which can be used by OFWs in order to buy thorough ban.
But it appears that their work in the country continued, it turns out that the embassy given a "working permits" by the embassy for the Filipino workers who are illegal.
Aventajado also stated in a meeting with 1096-OFW who has been able to go home without appropriate budget for the wage increase of the workers, up to $2,000 up to $4,000 pesos to every OFW.
But Migrante has abducted another OFW who is allegedly due to the slow process and lack of budget, and lack of budget, which has a total of 798.
Aguino is also denying that the civilians who are stranded in the entire Syria should already spread and there is a need of thorough implementation of the Filipinos, for now, there is only repatriation for the Filipinos who are in the cities of Hutalla, Hfather, Identious and Darna.
He was met by Martinez. "They said," peaceful "in other places, can we still wait for some of our countrymen who registered to go home to other places, do we still wait a basis on other places of Syria?"
The call of the help.
Martinez challenged Pres. Benigno Aquino III to release a position about the situation of Syria, also for the welfare of the thousands of Filipinos who were left there, and if ever he supported President Aquino in the steps of the United States, he seemed that he was also criticized by the bombs from foreign forces, he said.
The call of those coming from Syria is simple and still fresh in memories where the turmoil in Syria is still fresh in memory, we are calling the government to help those who were left in Syria especially those who are still not able to go out of the house and are not able to do anything to go to the embassy.
Migrante has also warned that, even though the DFA has not given any financial status for the OFWs who have not brought home except their themselves, aside from this, the lack of true tax ation program that will give them a job.
"We will not get tired of reading the Aquino government who have no support to the Filipinos involved in the chaos in other countries, and do not care about the lack of livelihood in our own country," Martinez said.
