GMA will be blamed and remove them from the NL.

It is deliberately that there are officials of the government that are too useless, that's why the socket of thick face!
One of those, the chairman of Cesar Villanueva, is the chairman of Governor's Commission for government, Conejero.
It can be recalled that in the seat of PNoy, he attacked the GROs C official in the administration of GMA, like SSS, GSIS, PhilHealth, PhilHealth, because they are challenging the treasury of the country.
According to PNoy in his first SONA, the faces of the said officials were thick because they were given the huge bonus when the people are in poverty.
So in 2011, PNoy appointed Villanueva to stop said greed.
But last week it was revealed by COA, which is still continuing to steal from those who were elected by PNoy in the said agency.
In fact, the COA (PCG-B, which is owned by the inhumane drivers!
It means, a sample of this is that Villanueva has not fulfilled his job as chairman of Governor's Commission for GST C.
The thing is, instead of admit to his being useless or if there is still a left shame to the body, he should just resign from his position, well, then he will be able to defend them.
Just imagine, it is a sample of it, GMA still takes the billion pesos that can be clearly seen in the administration of PNoy, it is guaranteed!
In the interview by the media, Villanueva has almost gone from the mouth of the media while he is receiving money that he cannot do anything because of the effects of a mandate which is signed by GMA before he left.
King-mother!
"It is said that even those signed by GMA in the contract were signed and with an appointment with PNoy because he said to the people!
"Do not let them escape, greedy!

Until they pretended to be an official, I mean, the office of Rizal Provincial Director Senior Superintendent Rolando Anlacan, that is the involvement of his name on illegal gambling in his "
We released the chance to escape the mouth of the people of the gambling Lord, Bong Sola.
That he is allegedly a business partner, Colonel Anida that is in illegal gambling or boochies!
Whether the said allegation is true or not, the truth remains, that the illegal gambling of Sola in the entire Rizal is widespread and widespread.
That's why it should be removed from Colonel Anzon!
