Because the sure-minded people, whose legs are cut down; it turns out that the Muslim milk can be posted yet by the Muslim doctors.
We are anxious; we are in different parts of Mindanao to think that even if they are legal, not only on March age, it's too big that there is a big problem that's why there is really a big problem in the construction of the government for burning building in the Food Park Administration.
Maybe I have been to me, we have been able to go to school; we might be the neighbor of our parents, whose parents are very popular; we are like the children who should understand the same voice.
Yes.
That is when I had told her goodbye to put C-C TT'boli, you know that there are mothers who are unemployed.
You are away from any viand of viand of viand.
Let us go to their daughter-in-law; but his mother is being called by something.
Answer.
Because I was taking care of me.
Well.
Not like that, his chin turned dark.
First of the first milk.
It's a pig.
In line up; he / she said that the piglets were needed so that the piglets were needed for you million for the people who were also like that.
We are very pitiful; we are proud of how I can drink it, but what should we drink there?
That's why you really need to use the materials that they have to use, whose legs are very young; not only to you, who are ill-minded; not even from you, who are hurting each other even if there is milk, which is why they get hurt.
We of us, Biliran, who are not able to do not like me, that's why they really didn't have anything to do, that's why they have not been able to do something that's why they are in a noodle place, but good luck, but good thing.
Yes, of course, our fellow citizens, who are using our fellow countrymen who are using it, are not only one of those who are listening to something that they might just say that those listening to a Chinese cabbage, Ipit Gang are just like that.
Mother and feelings are feeling well-tempered; he / she has thought about my birthday again, about this, I have not seen her cellphone that you have shattered, that should have been seen by a cellphone; so that we should be watched.
And it looks like they are just not just busybodies; as long as we have read that we have read that we have read a person here who came from each other, we also take care of it, that is why we also have to take care of it, and even the pants of Spencer.
Yes, she might go out of things that are said to be bad for the health.
