Let us protest about the permanent presence of the force of the US in the Philippines - PKP.

The Liberal Party of the Philippines is calling for the Filipino people to express their opposition against the US to anchor the warship of the US in the Philippines that resulted in the permanent presence of the military forces of the US in the country who were directly supported by the Philippines.

The KP has released the call after the arrival of the three warship of the US in Manila, Subic and Cebu, which is being sold in Manila Bay, while it can anchor in the Manila Bay, while it can anchor in Manila Bay if it can anchor in Cebu.
"The same time that the military troop continues to anchor in the US, it is clear that there is no one else but their station in the Asia-Pacific and the orders of his master."

It has only been a few days ago, the USS Einstein said that it is also a poisonous chemical that would be brought by a poisonous garbage that will be imposed on the coast of Subic through contractor of the US defense last October 15, 2012.

The vehicles conducted by the American military arrived at the time the attempt to be investigated on January of the USS Guardian and the huge damage it caused by the flood and the surroundings of the part of the destruction of the Tubbataha Reefree.

"The government budget of the Philippines is strictly reminding the Filipino people with its refusal to hold the Philippines' members in violation of the laws of the Philippines," the PKP, "said that it will conduct the investigation on the legislative chamber that will conduct the investigation of the USS Guardian.

"It should be considered that the government budget of the Philippines is going to conduct an investigation on the custody of the Ambulong, USS Guardian of the heightened security of the Philippines in relation to the heightened investigation of their responsibility," said the KP.

According to the KP, the said vessel on the military of the US in the Philippines was made into a permanent school station for the US Pacific Economic Cooperation (Philippines (JRRMC) in an exclusive area in Camp Navarro, the station of Western Mindanao Command of the Armed Forces of the Philippines.

The PKP has again insisted that the Visiting Forces Agreement should be questioned, the Mumps Defense Cooperation Agreement) and other unexpected military agreement between the government budget of the Philippines and the US.
