The two soldiers are going to call while other soldiers are wounded in the meeting of a living room because I am true and strictness, because there are still no places that are at the back of the house after being beaten-out.
The relatives of the two soldiers are now cooking breakfast, he was left alone by eleven more wounded which are still continuously being observed at the town of Cotabato, the day of the burial of the deceased Police Officer 1: Commander of where five-year-old Commander Robot was killed.
It lasted for four hours.
And one case was killed.
"We are tired of what I'm thinking about, because it seems that I am just like that.
I told him that I will make him out of employment because it's as if we don't have any form to each day.
Share stories.
I do not know anything yet.
Yes, we are pitiful; we were able to wake up; thus, he did not, unfortunately, anyway.
In the 'side, the military asked the military to not name those who died and were wounded on the attack so that Barbie's the one behind the department and Barbie's the story of a love moving there for a landslide.
Last day.
So I am being investigated, we are really successful that they are really successful.
About this, it will be.
Or they are almost thirty as well.
Eight four months.
Now that after a gift to the doctor, the authorities are calling for, Alberto Lina, and observant, just to talk to me.
You don't hesitate to wear neckerchief.
You did not look at each other; as well as the barangay captains.
We are all supporting Actor, that is why it is six members of the troops that I did to the troops that they have said to be smart, not just wearing a twenty-year-old Luis because it is almost three-year-old and cool.
He just accidentally stopped and he could not take the consecutive gunshots so he needs to cover-up.
I thought that the trees are cut off.
Let a lecture on this, whose legs are the ones that you are enemies.
Four of them are living in the house where you are aggressive on Fridays.
Together with their co-workers in Project 8-five were killed by the soldiers, Commander maybe, Commander Commander Commander alias Commander Abas Kudal-M I sympathize with Boy's head, Julie, because we were on the landing of Boy head, Julie, and I am the Model Shop and the Model Shop.
This Saturday, which was also brought to his last stop by Commander maybe because of it.
I still have a child, who is very horny.
