It was said that it was only one day when I was able to buy a cellphone because no one was alone in the work of Magsaysay, four in Santa Mesa, Manila with Lucy's father.
Dante.
That's why all of us started to remind us for the meantime and we can go there in Zamboanga City.
We are just here in Metro Manila?
It caused a huge contribution to the public.
Here is really a friend who is charitable to him.
Yes, there will be one who will go to Vanessa Duran in some soldiers.
It was past seven o'clock in the morning when we call attention to the following motorists.
The church is in personal third year-in third year, and extend the Magsaysay station here in Santa Mesa.
It's a good thing for a few years, maybe it is possible for the security to be forced into place.
Because of the Philippines, it is better for you to be more active in carrying a ten-year-old child because of the cut off after the happening there in Zamboanga C-P and previous bomb in Davao City.
His nephew will give a statement to them but according to other people we are talking to, they said that they were forced to give permission, that's why they were forced to go abroad in Navotas that's why they are going to travel to Navotas that's okay to win.
They said that they are going to pass but in the house traffic, they are different from their route and it is said that my mother is one of them abroad who will be exported and exported back to the two-ten-year report to Dodo in Cavite.
Which will be brought to Zamboanga City.
Meanwhile, fate is to talk to each other; the end of the end, I do not have anything to do with the abuse of Zamboanga and was able to send a T-T-C here in Manila.
From Magsaysay reports, he will be beat up again for OelegStreet, a A TT: C) so that he will not call attention to each other; but to the hours, I do not want to come.
You are called Fortuner from Mesa to go straight and will directly go directly to Ronaldo, so as well.
Since I was able to let it be, he was even made to make it as if it was done by someone who admitted that he was able to sit in computers; he / she had nothing to do with it in Manila.
Dante's, Jenny Reyes.
