He / she grew up; he / she was distressed; she said it's not right.
Yes, he offered the advice of Philippine Dalyn.
Because he shows the picture of May June that it is not good to have a photo, which is very good; he / she thinks in Pandacan by some who will be able to read.
In that point, he / she was distressed; he was a picture of him in Metro Manila.
Yes, Justin will make it as a dog, if they do not have any idea, he can go to the senate so what they can do is for the senate so what they can do is a title for their owners.
It was an expert of the bush.
You are applying to the prosecution's complaint.
According to the witness, they seem to be very bad that's why it was too bad for others why I was replaced.
You are nonsense with a witness.
You know that it is a little thing about that, who will go to Manoy Aquino, who said that those who are saying that what they are saying is true, we are saying that the person you are talking about are true; we are not saying yes.
That many of our countrymen really do not change.
We are anxious; we should talk to those who say that, maybe, many say that, maybe you talk to your relatives because you might just talk with your relatives even though they have a different death.
Me, it is not said that many of us are doing something that happens.
Or very small; he / she was also bitten; it was also bitten in the position.
It is proven that there are really seven who are living there.
Very short; he / she cannot go to school; we should not be at the right age, Leste and Best Actor; that's why he / she didn't go home anymore.
And they are also into bonkers, ah, that's why.
Yes, this is the big amount of our land that we are going to look for, whose third who visit him there is the third who visit him there, it's the president who visits them there, perhaps, it is probably because of that thing.
He / she's the one who takes the weather condition.
My husband, Vicente, who is working with sore Nut in the market of some churchambers (market.
It is not good that in Juan Luna to change the opinion of a friend, there is someone who is going to commit that you are going to commit that you are going to do something about it, which can only be cheated on.
You are old but it is not good that it is not for those in the end of the media that is okay.
