I know,: Paulo Avelino, there is no time with LJ.
"He is busy," -- LJ.
By Jun Nardo, January 18, 2017 - Paolo Ballesteros and these should not be taken away by Paulo Avelino, she should be able to take a vacation with LJ Reyes, LJ Reyes, and I also visit her mother (LJ), who is based on a big Apple.
"That is not what is happening, that is not what is happening!
Does Paulo still have a role to Ritz? "If he wants it.

"Oh," isn't it right?
Can she still do their obligation to their child?
"He is busy!
Are the child looking for his father?
"Of course, he knows that, anyway, he knows that he is looking for him.
Of course, he can see TV, "he answered.
So, it's okay that Paulo cannot see Paulo?

"You are also busy yourself, okay, okay!" The actress answered.
How is Paolo?

When their wedding comes?
"It is okay, many are still fixing," he added.
LJ, does not want to get naked!
"The size of Hepatitis B."
However, LJ has had a drama actress but she still needs to be sexy with some scenes.

Maybe he got insecure with Ryza Cenon, who had a sexy performer?
"I did not even ask him for a long time, I was okay to be sexy that's why I am very happy.
Julie Anne San Jose is going to be able to get along with LJ's arrogant and coercion in TV Patrol, so that he will challenge him in Dontogan, Julie Anne, duh!
"Not too much.

I really need to be brave, so it seems like that, "he answered.
Upon arrival to Ara Mina, her mother went out of the house, LJ is not in the country when the issue came out.
"The people are just asking me.

I do not know anything but I am also surprised that I have an issue that is going home.
"I also want to be with Ate (Ara), Cristine, brother, my brother," I, "that.
And then, she always saw each other with Ate Hazel (Ara).

I also want to push through the good relationship that we have started.

Because we also have a lot of beautiful scenes.
"We also have a scene where it's good to waste," LJ explained.
On January 30, Pilipenko of Pinulot Ka Lang Sa Lupa came from the direction of Gina Alajar.
