They were able to burn and sell it because it's as if Alma can use the food that I will eat at Bonifacio.
Two twenty years of Ma'am, some firemen were wounded including some firemen.
The two soldiers are on the condition of the condition that can be considered as possible on the other cellphone yes.
It was wild from the room of classes now that's why he left the shirt.
As to think about it, all the firefighters have five times in their work as a barangay councilor, she said that it was strong that what they've experienced was the end of their life, which was the reason why their cousin gave them not next if they are not free because of the challenge.
!
You will leave to watch this from Bonifacio at around ten o'clock in the Parola Compound this morning.
And Rosello, Jesus will be careful in the rain of fire because this is what's being followed.
Maybe the ten million pesos is going to be open, but after a while.
One more stop, I said that the heart was thick and thick.
I hide medicine.
It reached the third time for help to last for ten minutes.
Because it is not that if he is high, he will leave no vice now.
It is obvious that the one who can tell the whole day of being cut off is not given, we are not able to give us to PNoy the list of people inside the refrigerator.
That's why when I go to school; I have been going to a long time, I have been able to go home to the dark; that's why they already know that there are people who have known each other, whose voice is a voice of them.
But at the Smart 'Day, they do not have drunk.
Why are you drunk here?
Zurbano family, two Two Wives were already dead.
Covetous, fittest; we are stupid.
It was said that it has been mentioned for a long time to go straight and go straight to P: Because it is possible that there will possibly be a challenge that will cause a challenge, but he did not call the vendors; the police, "Contact Policy" that we should learn.
Using it.
Because it's really our night to protect us like that, we are going to vote.
Clothes.
If he went through something, it's away to go well.
Yes, they do not know.
Four siblings have five children with five sons.
Six-six to go to school, there are all problems that have been broken; we are only doing many times, there are also many times.
Gross!
The campus will not be able to do it.
Uy, so we don't know how much it is, no matter how much it is.
He / she was crazy.
In exchange of her lower abdomen, it will be better if we will find out.
In total of two more than five were wounded, two soldiers died while there are already three o'clock; that's why there were already three persons who have no longer had five-five-five-five-old times.
And that's when we heard that.
But his bones on the back on the wall came to what you might say.
Bomb.
I don't want to see the lot that we fell.
For those who are right.
The vice-ball who is Ariel why is it only ten minutes away from the next building that will happen now on the speed of wounds on the head of the movie.
Appetizer!
Okay.
Small.
Cooked.
They are good.
Ah,
We know.
Apparently, he is scheduled to be with Ate Roselle, but he is just a case because of those running for free number of anything, he / she was lost in number.
The governance is between us, deport;
You are your child so you are the many who travel.
He is continuously being treated in our Filipino to the hospital, there is already a seven of fruits while there is no best that can be the best players in the Medical Center in Binangonan.
One in the hospital in Makati is and it is up to Taguig.
It is not possible for us to get used to for the for-for-known medicines for this.
We came from the hospital who was also brought there in Pasig but seven o'clock in the early morning, but they have to be confirmed, they still have money to buy at the hospital, which is why they still do not have money to buy at the airport, which is why they also liked the airport there, which is why they also liked that there was something in Taguig but in the hospital.
The Gus Tambunting, who does not want to force Ammie, about the amount of karma will be taken care of.
It sank and learned from the fire because I remember that we were the ones that we've been paying for, to look down; we should have people.
There are people who look at each other; as long as they call it like that in their bomb at the following days, sometimes, they do not come in.
"Melissa" has a problem that's why it was then that Maire made a corner in the corner of Maire.
Yes, you know, Jessie has a big cellphone again and we can only give it to each other, which is why they still do not want to give it to us, they say that it's just one agency that we have seen, which is why they say that it's just a point that there is a good location that can happen, but it is just like that, it's just a point that we have no idea about it, that is why it's just like toothpaste, we already know what is right, that is why, we already know what is right, that is why it's just like that, we already know what is right.
The time is as hard for the time of March 28-minded; we can go to church up to until you know what we know.
It is possible that the number of fire will be broken; there will be a fire that will really be the cause of the hot season when it is only on top of an ordinary building.
Yes, that's why he is saying that the trouble they are saying now is that if there is a violation of the basketball Court because it is known that there is a violation of the basketball Court because it is known that there is a high order for him, because if there is really a high order, it is because if it is true, especially when it is true.
We know how much it is not the effect of this but something that was being told by me to take care of what they should take care of, but they are saying that this is just waiting for them and it's so long for them to be waiting for a long time here in the Trujillo.
In the end, I became ill-tempered in the very long sleep that became very weak at the end of many thanks for you.
