I hope that Vina is not the father of Vina as the eldest of their family in a week when they go to school for three times a few days of talking, and why is it that ten people are doing now.
He said the bank that is part of the Mariano community?
This is because the help here in the chest will be broken into water and take a bath that is still a part of their low-shirt.
What is just finished by typhoon Lando in Mindoro where they got only few.
The statements on the description of the poor are the biggest needs of this day.
So they helped a young woman that his boat will get full.
Okay.
When we were taking a way for a vacation but Tina did not take a bath and just ask for help in reconciling.
I!
Noon, we start saving.
Are you very hot-up in the feet but this is where we look at the feet; they are using the call of the need to be hot.
If you are going to bring in it, let us just wait for it, "what do you have a boss, Shama,?
You are the youngest of you.
More?
Maybe, there is a need for a bed to pass through a heavy bed from walking.
Sometimes, he complained that I was not able to bring peace because there was only one responsible for the T-V.
Covetous, fur.
It's true that around one o'clock, you want to complain because the weight that you are carrying is right, but when you see the long trip, but when you see that they have no right to complain to them they can even smile on the forest.
Troops.
Let's go.
Helping.
Lady.
After two hours, we have reached the two hours where we buy what they can help.
Apparently, every piece of promises was bought by Vina.
Only one hundred pesos in the house was five pesos two years since he got one of the children.
One Zig Madero, in the end, he / she was only one thousand pesos in the end.
What will you buy there for one-four pesos.
Medicine.
You are Two people whom you said rice earlier at first glance, you said that you are helping them.
According to four hours for two hours that they will get tired from the mountain, they can buy something that is having sex.
No matter how small his earnings are filled with hope.
She prayed for more than an hour to the closest good.
Even if we are coming to buy medicine, anything will fit it.
With only two pieces of reconciliation with her money, my mother, I am always saying that it's not right for me, "we are not doing anything that is why we are giving rice to the window to know if we are going to bring rice to the window to know if he will go home to the window to know if he will go home to them.
For the mountain, the call is not a box to the classroom.
.
Recently, the departments have told her pictures, that is already done in the competition in fine, Labo.
He offered his position and properties that he can teach to the strength of a better school.
According to him, he can avoid those who are with us in our office so we are able to go down; the principal of the country district in-Ass would be the reason for Maricel to go down to the Villa-Pag-asa Elementary School.
But a teacher did not accept what he bought from the D B B; "you have already left them so that when I left them, I still don't want to leave them immediately so that when I left them, I did not want to be left to the children now.
Taking pictures, not one of this is that she is not a millionaire first of the events in leader of the government but her inspiration is in the surroundings.
