This is the Filipino by PNoy.

What is the reason of President Benigno Aquino III and he wants to go to other places to commemorate the celebration of the People Power Revolution instead of the original place in EDSA, just to do it in places destructed by typhoon Yolanda where thousands have lost their lives and livelihood?
Pres. Noynoy stopped saying that the reason is he wants to be with the victims of cruel nature because it is not true that most of them want to show his sympathy, most of them, most of them have already recovered from the help of the foreigners and private people.
What did the government help through the pet dog of PNoy?, most of them really got money from how the President and the protesters can say that they have helped them, but instead of helping them, they became a victim.
The Aquino administration can still be proud of what they have done in the Philippines, it is wrong, they were able to do anything that the poor would be poor, especially the members of the Karangalan Village, Kaklase and Kabarilan, and so that the country will not be buried into poverty, especially now, PNoy attacked them.
Wait a sec, the reason PNoy is not afraid of seeing the personalities who do the important duties in the People Power Revolution?, if they are united to do the New People Power Revolution, then they should be united in this time.
That's why the president needs to think or even those who have faults with ear to fix the management of the country.

The new deputy chief of Manila Special Action Force (Special Action Force Mayor Joseph Estrada, Senior Inspector Ness Vargas, member of the Philippine National Police Office 2005.
It is a big relief for Chief Inspector Bernabe RoTancinco with the appointment of Vargas to be with his partner in the operation of the masses operation, Chief Inspector Manuel Goitia.
Last week, the masses attacked Rizal Avenue, Santa Cruz and Gonzalo was arrested, one of the arrested were the siblings of the barangay chairman and wanted to be given a lesson because they needed to give a lesson to stop their foolishness.
