The use of the name of the university in politics last November, 1920.

In order to take care of its status as well as well, it is prohibited by the municipality of 1923 to use the name of the university in the political issues and tasks in the country.
Padre Serna io Tamayo, the former part of the university, the steps regarding this before the formal implementation of August of the said year.
It is the purpose of the said policy to separate the individuals on view on the university which is related to the political issues that may affect the image of the university.
According to Tamayo, it cannot be favored for any part or group of local issues of politics because there are foreigners, and not Filipinos who are leading it.
It is important to take care of the image of the university as giving away the Spanish tourists who built and built its order, according to him.
However, Tamayo said, the students and members of their own views are free to express their personal views as citizens, but they cannot use the name of the university to defend their own arguments about them.
The mentioned step was implemented to strengthen the dignity and identity of the university which was made to be kept until the present.

Toto who?
It is ongoing that J Carine G. Cruz is going to make it as a civilized public accountant, his idol in the chosen field inside and outside of the country.
In the year 1981 when he was over for business in the university, later on, he was going to be an opposition to some of the local and the owners of the oil and oil.
Cruz is one of those who are honored by the The Oalliances in 2016.
Even before he got the Adversus Management Council of the United States last 2007, Cruz attended to Advincula Road International Program (RTC) to attend the title of a standing standing in Public Market in 1991.
At present, Cruz is part of some organizations such as the Philippine Institute of Vic Public Accountability, Philippines-Thailand Business Council, German-Philippine Amusement and Industry and Board of Trajes of the Petroleum Association of the Philippines.

Berates him.
Sabang (Oct. 24) - at night; it is very noisy or the reason for the responsibility.
Hal,: 00, where there are many ways to choose, I will still choose the way back to you.
