
Pangasinan, office warned about leptospirosis.

August 24, 2016 April M.

Pangasinan, August 24 (Pia) - the Provincial Health Office (PH)) warned the citizens in Pangasinan to double the caution against the disease of leptospirosis especially this rainy season.

Leptospirosis have become an illness from the height of the feet, especially those who have wounds, due to water contaminated with rats and other animals.

The primary symptoms of this disease is having a high fever or flu, brave skin, stomach pain, stomach pain and color.

It was advised by Doctor Anna Maria Teresa De Guzman, provincial health officer, the citizens to avoid down the water level in order to avoid sickness.

"If it cannot be avoided, it is possible to use lukewarm water when it will go down to water level," said De Guzman.

He said, they appointed the streets in the hospitals in the province for those who take advantage of the three to five days so that the patient will be affected by leptospirosis.

Meanwhile, the 17 towns and cities in Pangasinan are under leptospirosis.

According to Red Cross, included here are the following: Mangaldan (10 cases of leptospirosis have been recorded); Sta. Barbara, Rosales, Rosales, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel, San Manuel,

The Red Cross added that there are four victims of leptospirosis who were recorded dead.

These are from the towns of San Nicolas, Tayaban, Manuyo Dos and Mangaldan.

(JNunal / Insp. M / Pia-1, Pangasinan.
