Cojuangco was expected by Araneta By Ramil Cruz October 21, 2016.
It is not surprising that someone has the strength to declare the incumbent Philippine Football Committee (Commission C) President Jose "Atong" Cojuangco in the election in the upcoming election on November 25.
He is the Philippine Football Federation (PMC) President Mariano "Nong" Araneta, who stated that he will run for president for the highest private organization of sports in the country, according to a huge payment yesterday.
They tried to take the side of Araneta but it was not a reply while writing this news.
Araneta's scheduled to be submitted to the Second World, as vice president, his candidacy for the next week for the four-Lakas ng mga Bayani, which is no longer being investigated in Metro Manila.
For those who want to run for 1st and 2nd vice-President, he is going to go against four board of director or member, there will be up to October 30 for the intention of the president Secretary General.
Due to submitting a candidacy starting from the second week of the current month, no one will fight against Cojuangco that he is dreaming of the four-year-year-old lady, since he was first seated in the position in 2004 when he was seated in the position in 2004 against Celso Dayawan.
Jack won a vote in his re-election case against the late Arturo Macapagal of the shooting in 2008 at times that he dreamed of many national sports (equivalent (NJ).
There was no mass with Coyo, in 2012 when the 3-Commission (Comelec), who was former Congressman Vicencio Chavez, Richard Paltrow and BGHMC) and BGHMC) and BGHMC) and BGHMC) and Bandola (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKarangalan Village (PKF).
The former National Football team captain, Araneta's plan is planning to win, to strengthen all the Ns who are inside the Asian Games (Commission on 2010 after he won the election as a replacement of the late Jose Mari Martinez.
