Goodbye to Maire.
August 19, 2016 Tsacheva, the same time, was seeing Coach Baby and their own home in Manila. My Destiny Rose, her real daughter, "Thanh thank you, Doctor Love, alias" Daligasao, 92 years old, Wednesday, Wednesday.
He is the Maestries and topography in the Philippine basketball.
Dalnac in the Roque Red Cross in the building of dynasty in the uAP - the seven consecutive wins from 1965 in 1971) had been broken by the seven consecutive wins from 1965 in 1971, his five-year-old maid, Sonny Jaworski, married.
After Roque, coach Baby James was also in front of the Blue Eve, back to back to his back in "75." 76.
He considers the other items being thrown in a few championship in Purok CAA and National Oxford, before the Danny Floror squad of PBA were identified, the skills of Dalston in the PBA games.
Dalston in the first Grand Sais of the PBA, it was also brought to the title by the great trophy.
In total, Dalston in the record that has been the record for a long time and standard of the coaches until now, Ginebra, coach Tim Cone, is experiencing.
Cone (Nacaracosta): "Tantos, coach Heard, coach Heard, coach Heard, has lost his / her coach who is a hidden talent."
Cone placed the softness of the rainy season of number GOf and Greeks.
"Walis" will be the first will to raise his / her habit to avoid being thrown away, but she could not avoid Krema, he will avoid being stabbed.

Number GROs at, "he said.
In 2003, Dalston in other other Toyota Innova at the Araneta Coliseum, which is considered by PBA.
He was not able to go out because the sight of his 92nd birthday last year, hundreds of players, coaches, friends and fans are going to visit his book.
PBA commissioner Chito Narvarez, Dalnac in the "Philippine basketball Hero," his coach and Peras, and "Father of all the basketball coaches."
"Iric Arriba, an artist with Severe Acting) also tried to serve as Shuler.
"It is the all sorts of career, he / she was able to take a bath, he / she was the one who took care for him / her," Yet, "part of the corner of Narvarez," Yet, of the prestigious X-ray, the prestigious contest of the prestigious X-basketball player.
One of the players of coach Chot also made it Taser, the shooting of a Fil-Am Ricky Brown, one of the first posted on Facebook and salute from his former enemy.
"TRUECONFESSIONS, Philippine basketball, the eastern part of the US all the US, thank you a rest and peace case, coach," said "the one called" The Quatar. "
The remains of coach Chot is taking care of Ateneo College at around 4: 00 p.m.
