He was shocked.

It seems like the people seem to forget the importance of lessons of the EDSA People Power Revolution that happened last February 23-25, 1986.
It was three days that moved to the consciousness of the whole world when the dictator who was former President Ferdinand E. Marcos, who was initially defeated by the country within 20 years using an iron fist, has no trace of blood.
Because of helping and unity of the citizens, the former was able to make it possible that it was impossible for the dictator to step down from power.
But 28 years have passed after that incident, it seems that the Filipinos have no idea that it became a good result of the historical event.
Since then in the time of President Noynoy, it has been five presidents that the country has been the country and was not measured by the elections, but the people are still treating poverty.
It was back to normal and it did not stop even one day, corruption in different branches of the government and the bad spirits and attitude that we got away from before are back again and seems to be worse than before.
It is really such a waste because we do not have used that opportunity, which is brought by the price for us to raise them from poverty and chaos in our country.
After we got happy to go home first, we went back to his old habits when he took him and forget the word to help and unity.
So the result, we seem to be ashamed to celebrate and celebrate that historical event and admits that the government is here.
Another thing is sad, we also do not share to the youth now the importance of events, because we also do not have a good fruit that we can show up to them.
It's really a waste that the inheritance of EDSA 1 is really a waste because it has not been a good model for the Philippines in the world even if the country does not count the next country.
Just this Sunday, Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych is asking us to let them go because of the allegations of corruption and the lack of ability to destroy the government.
This is just a proof that even if the spirit of EDSA 1 in the Philippines is gone, he is still alive in other countries who are also dreaming of change.
That is the only time we have forgotten the EDSA 1!
