Credibility of the elections in 2013, lessen it?

The broken record of machines has been long queue for the missing names in the official list of voters, the missing signal.
This is the scene of the election yesterday, May 13, not yet included here are incidents of violence, harassment, and other irregularities, from the election until the Commission on Elections (Comelec) in the local and national level.
In some of these kinds of places in Metro Manila and nearby towns, these problems have been witnessed by the Filipino Worker (Noni) and National Historical Commission on Elections (GAS) and National Historical Commission on Human Rights) and National Historical Commission on Elections (GAS), Tantos, Davao Toao, Davao Tosay, and others.

It also came from the province the reports of defense against corrupt groups that watch over the election through reports that it was shown in the appearance of the election which was tainted with irregularities and problems.
More than an hour after the end of the election, it was announced by the elections, which was announced by the COMELEC in the election, a official citizen of the COMELEC in the election, a Perelegant official, as well as the highest votes of the candidate for senator who has highest votes, Grace Poe.
This is the reaction of the election for a long time, which was identified to be an estimate of having more than 14 million votes.
"
The PPCRV took the said as a case, and said there is an forwarded to the said problem, and they have been fixed to the said problem just as a reply to the source of a huge votes which were not realistic.
When they tried to adjust, more or less than 34.8 million votes were already received by Poe after he went to Adora but it is also not enough that the PPCRV will explain how they got the number.
It can be recalled that this has happened in the elections this 2010, when it reached a point that up to 153 million was the total amount that reached 153 million which is more than the population of the Philippines before, which is quickly fixed by Smartmatic.
Suspicious is the sudden study of Smartmatic to fix the payment code which is used for the counting and processing equipment, they can change the source of the payment code Guzman, and this is possible that the source of the payment code Lima is being experienced despite the lack of real payment.
"(T).

Meanwhile, the suspicion that an official of Smartmatic should show up to the data center by the PPCRV will bring the Pope to the Pope PMC Center in Manila before the wrong effects that happened in the afternoon of May 13, according to AOIL.
It is said that Ernie del Rosario, Fight IT Director of COMELEC, that the presence was disconcerted by the PPCRV of Albert Castro ,-muslims in the Pacific Ocean, and one of those signed in the contracts between the Comelec and Smartmatic should be approved by the Comelec and Smartmatic.
Nelson Celia, Co, convener or the former President of the Philippine Military Academy at stake, "Neal del Rosario," Smartmatic, "who is a business partners with a couple," epal. "
"Tindan," I know that she would be liberated from the PPCRV's Top Rank Promotions to the PPCRV that should be done by the PPCRV that should be handled in Smartmatic's (Izzy Canillo)? "Cellar was also said.
Del Rosario said that any connection of a foreign company in the operation of civic works in the election is suspicious and there should be a serious investigation by the former leader, Del Rosario, COMELEC (Comelec), who will resign from the local government of the Comelec regarding this, the quality of the commandments should be implemented.
In the press conference by the PPCRV will say it's the PPCRV said that the presence of Rico of Smartmatic should not be the issue in order to observe the process.
In the reports of the PPCRV and the statements by the PPCRV, they are saying that the government should not be an issue about the wrong effects that could not be seen in the same number 78,000 pesos, "by the Comelec Chair Sixto Brillantes to also reach 200 houses.
But we were able to get in the scene witnessed by Filipino Identily, of election-dog group, and even a took a glimpse of the "tanim-bala" that took the problem in the recently concluded elections.
