
Palparan's arrest is leading at the middle of the shortage of human rights.

Bureau on the information.
The party of the Philippines is the party of the Philippines.
August 12, 2014.
The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) said that it is now too late for the arrest of the former Philippine Army General Jovito Palaran this morning that the agents of the military and police are done in the middle of the ongoing and widespread abuse of the military and police and national establishments.

"There's a long time since justice has insisted on the thousands of victims of the campaign of General Trias for the crimes and abuses done by the corrupt troops of the AFP, which he led," said the KP.
According to the KP, the campaign of Palparan's campaign will be focused on by armed activists for the ranks of farmers, workers, students and other sectors that are helping to defend their rights to promote their rights to promote their rights to promote their rights.

The PKP has identified that, in spite of the words of General Trias against the Bagong Hala Bayan (BHB), the PKP has no reason for the use of terrorism of AFP against civilians and activists to count and treat them as armed men. "

Wherever he is asking to take care of him, it is now being monitored and he directly spread the abduction that was conducting the abduction and attempted murder of activists and who were suspected to be supported by activists.

He and his personnel are directly responsible in the kidnapping and disappearance last 2006 to the activists of UP who are Shermelyn Benico, Bulacan; of the kidnapping and unidentified farmer, Eddie Gymnasium in Mindoro; and many other crimes.

"It is said to be endorsed, supported by the AFP and the AFP about the agricultural sector that's used against the citizens in Ilocos, Mindoro, Eastern Visayas and Central Luzon, which was taken care of the food and economists, attempted for food and economists in the entire community."

The PKP has identified that the Aquino administration should strongly implement the abuse of human rights under the human rights of the AFP under the campaign of domination and abuse of human rights to the human rights that the AFP did. "

"It is only a decoration on the best human rights of the AFP to cover the lower part of the Commander and troops that were made by the Commander and the troops that were used by the Chinese national, Palparan," said the KP.

In Iloilo, elements of 82nd IB of the AFP were killed by the 38-year-old farmer Gerardo C bo last July 17 while they were planning to go to their corn farm.

"The violation of human rights to the citizens of the places used by the AFP from the places used by the Oplan Tokhang was severe, it is common in secluded places where the farmers and people who want to recover," said the said KP.

"From Mountain Province of Corn Trillanes, the lives of the farmers in Mindanao, the lives of the farmers, are being blamed by the citizens and they are being accused by the people's lives and they are being harassed by the citizens and are being threatened by the people and the elderly."

"Singson is also arrested but he has given an appeal to the killing and terrorism directed to the military as his life under the Aquino administration."
