Duterte frankly said goodbye to the International Criminal Court.
By Ellen is a description of August 17, 2016 that President Rody Duterte is always saying that if he would be killed, his mind is the plague of society that is why he is brave because he will not be charged with him while he is the president.
He said that when he visited the wounded soldiers in V Luna AFP Medical Center, he was annoyed by businessmen who did not follow his order to stop the "ENDO," the abuse of the workers through five months of contract and does not become permanent in work.
"I will just call a warning: A stop to kill you," Duterte said, "I know that the president did something like that," I am true that while he is a president, he will not be charged with it. "Said in the Constitution."
That is right because if the President is worried about the cases that can be filed against him while he is making decisions on important things for the country, he might not be able to decide.
But it does not mean that when you run for president, you can't do what you want even if it is against the law.
Because many are worried about the many cases connected to the campaign of Duterte against illegal drugs, up to 646 people were killed since Duterte sat in Malacanang last June 30, where they won last May 19, which according to the number of Philippine Daily Inquirer's operation (PDI).
Most of those who were killed did not have a case and has no warrant of arrest, there were some police who killed and grabbed the gun even though the victim was handcuffed too.
But Duterte still defended the killing, he said to the soldiers when he visited Capiz: "If I ordered him to arrest him, I could have an appeal to him and if you have ordered him to serve you."
Many are worried about what Duterte is saying because it is not true that he is not under the law.

If he has an immunity to the Philippines, he will not be charged to the International Criminal Court (ICC) and he can file a case against him if he is given a "crime case against him, he can be arrested even if he is a president.

There are presidents in the country of Africa who were sentenced and jailed now in killing the crime rate. "
This is the search for him by Kabayan Rep.

Harry Roque has an ally in Congress as a member of the super majority.

Roque has a human lawyer before he became congressman.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre also said, it is not the "crime rate?" The murder of the criminals.
But Roque said, one can tell if the killings happening is the ICC's case and when they saw a strong wind, they can file a case if they will file a case.
It is not good in the country that the president of the Philippines will be able to join the international court.
