Ebola virus, Philippine Contingent, an OFW).

The government should quickly act on saved the Filipinos from the Ebola virus disease from the countries he has.
This should not be prevented anymore in making a long time in making order in order to save the span of 115 Philippine Contingent in the United Nations Peacadic Force who works in the country Liberia.
Included in those who save it is a total of $200 of Overseas Filipino Workers who can be found in the said country and the countries who are Sierra Leone and Gunia.
These countries, Tumesoy, are being attacked with no medicine and deadly disease and the government already declared that their condition is the national emergency of their situation due to the number of those who die of them.
The government of the Philippines should imitate other countries that are naturally not their own citizens from said countries before they get tired of those who are sick and die.
In many times, the government is always late, judicial system, the government from saved the OFWs in different countries until they are not able to taste it, including the government.
It can be considered that the Ebola virus has become as strength of severe war.
If the government does not quickly decide and act, it is scary to think that it will only take action if someone is infected and killed by an OFW.
Like what happened after Libya was beheaded by a male OFW and rape a Filipina nurse.
If the government does not act for it to bring back the Philippine Contingent and the OFWs who are infected with it, it is scary that they will decrease.
It should be said that the government has no other ability to fight the Ebola virus.
Maybe, it is possible that Undersecretary. Eric Tapay is still pests when we enter it.
He also does not have a clear program on what he will do in case we enter Ebola.
That is why, while there is still no bad news about the Filipinos related to Ebola, the government should act on it.
Or you should take action, you are innocent. "We are useless!
