
Every day is the fear of patients by the Philippine Cup.

By PO 1 billion pesos, Kenneth Rola A. Guda, February 1, 2013.

Up to a corridor in the hospital, the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office is full of poor patients and they are afraid of being driven out by the government of (KR Guda) sixteen years ago when Mario Manapon was held at the Philippine Charity Center (Commission C).

And he was not the only patient who went back to the hospital for a day in 1996, after an operation was stuck in the neck, he stayed in the hospital, and where he stayed in the hospital, he stayed in the hospital for a long time, and the life of their family was buried, and eventually.

Her husband Susan Manayes, full of times, Mario went to BOC C from 1996.

A young patient in between C (KR Guda), "we did not want to do anything but cry, because I did not know where she can take care for her for every day," Susan said.

They are a lot of people, and they are increasing everyday because of the lack of livelihood of many people, and due to the lack of system of communication via al health interest in the country, these are increasing in public hospitals in the country.

It is in danger of some public hospitals now - it is now in danger under the program Public Private (PPP) of the Aquino administration, and about 300 percent of them were recorded in the emergency room of Fire C every day, according to 95 percent of these are the poor Filipinos, according to Republic of Health (OFW).

Aside from them, there are also those who like Mario, who are in the whole time depends on the use of the piration of BOC C to live.

Ruedio, 25, from Tondo, was not able to take care of an accident on him when he visited the Filipino seafarers (KR Guda) in spite of it, Susan felt the lack of P500 every week, because it needs to buy the diaper, medicine and food outside.

In the time he is doing laundry for nurses in the hospital, that is why no one is earning 150 to sometimes, he is selling coffee even just a peso.

"We are just hoping for the help of me to be a beggar," if we are just hoping that we are going to buy porridge, "that is what we need to buy soup," that is what we need to eat, "that is also needed by other patient," Susan said.

Susan wondered on what many politicians are saying for the medical service to the medical service for the long time that his wife is confined to us for a long time, he can't count the politicians and agency that he approached to ask for help, but he could not give the medical service that is needed by a poor patient like Mario.

"If you have no fare, you can't go there anymore if you can go back to you and then you will be able to get back then, you will be able to get back then," Susan said.

Their debt is reached more than 1 million pesos in the only pirates.

Mario needs P4,000 in order to have his own falcons in order to stop the wolves at their debt.

Susan will be more nervous if the privatization of BOC C will push through if they know the system of private hospitals - there is no service if they do not have money to pay for their payment, for sure they will not pay for payment, instead, they will surely have payment.

"Tuwid na Daan, perhaps there is a payment for a lot of patients to look as if he is pitiful," Susan said.

The facilities of BOC C are old, they are still using an alternative that has a problem with the bones now (KR Guda), and even the medical service they give, the poor do not even have a difficulty for the additional expenses for it.

"We are full of gratitude now that our food is up to 350 pesos and 150 is the only salary of his father, Josephine Mendoza, 53 years old, from taking care of her grandchild Christopher Mendoza, 12, who is a patient in between C.

Chrisvel also fell from his school and was hit on his spinal cord, which is why he had a huge sum from his back and cannot move because he was on his way home and he was on his way home.

"When the patients are carrying in an operation in an operation in the hospital, this is full of patients in the hospital, that is full of patients by patients (KR Guda)," he is just going to approach the politicians, "said Josephine.

As well as the situation of Rubella, 25, of Tondo, Manila, whose hands were cut off and sitting in the hospital, and it was also not known where I can take care of my husband and when I got into an accident.

The neck of Janet Salmorin, 32, from Paranaque and two months in the hospital, two of his four children are studying and having a hard time to help to spend for a welder, which is really difficult for us, especially the medicines for P127 every day.

"It is the most expensive-84 of one and we were able to pay attention to the carets of P2,000 up, according to Janet.

PhilHealth has also members of PhilHealth, but not all expenses are in the jurisdiction of PhilHealth.

Emily Villamor, 43, is already seven months old when between C and needs two operations but does not depend on the expenses in the hospital.

"It's difficult now that my husband is only having a hard time and it is only a tricycle driver and it is only 100 pesos in every day, but instead of buying food, we just buy medicine," he said.

The patients are now felt by the patients, although the medical services in public hospital is cheaper, they still cannot force expenses for treatment.

The government's budget is lacking in order to meet their needs.

There is no place for the poor, which is full of patient, but according to the patients, they are trying to know how to be a private part of the hospital, they are still trying to know if it is private between BOC C (KR Guda), they are still worried that they will not be hit inside between C (KR Guda).

"He is still not contented, we are already having a hard time, and they are not really good about the thoughts of the bills that is annoying, the poor are pitiful because the poor are pitiful because they do not have the ability to pay a lot.

"Now I only found out about the privatization of it because in truth, I have no interest in the news instead of what the president says because they are all the same," said Aling Josephine.

According to Keathha Orayan, 21, from Madrigal Street and two months in the hospital because of the pain in the neck, even if it can be said that the PMC can take the equipment and facilities, it is nothing for them if they cannot pay their services.

"It's true that the patients are really ugly because I am against it (here), because I do not see anything good about the privatization of the privatization," according to Keathy.

The said patients are worried that the approval of the nurses and doctors to their poor people will change.

Now, they say, according to them, their treatment to them by the members of BOC C is orderly and humane, even if there is a lack in budget to improve the facilities and increase in salary of its employees.

According to Susan, they did not neglect the Ortho-Illegal Drugs in their 17 years here.

He said, there are doctors who are helping them so that their situation will give them financial help but others stop because the others stop because of their long time.

"They made a way here to live the patient, I do not know if what they will do is that if you bring it to the hospital, that is why you brought the patient to fix my life," Susan said.

There is no assurance that even if the work of 900 health workers who are working in between C will push through, according to Sean Velocity, a nurse and the president of the union with BOC C.

What is certain is that based on the experience of many public agencies to undergo a mandate which is going to have a job in order to change their actual arrangement, Velocity said.

The members of Commission on C) are going to be removed from work or lessen the benefits if the privatization of the Commission on PPP) or based on the process of P51.C (PPP) or based on the process of pre-kilogram conference for the businessmen who want to sail at the Saligang Batas of the pork barrel scam.

It is estimated that up to P56,43 billion can be spent by the P260-M for the construction of a modern "tanim-M for the construction of a modern" tanim-Illegal Drugs "inside the compound of the National Orthopedic Hospital in East Avenue, Quezon City.

Series of protest that is launched by poor people who live in the city, including Kalapati, Damayang Lagi,, meanwhile, even the members of health leadership, are also active in protests and campaign in order to stop the privatization of BOC C and other public hospitals.

The patients are also fully supported by the patients.

But they encourage the people - they want to give their own hands for health services and wishes for a government and concern for their rights and health - to cooperate in fighting against the privatization of BOC C, and other public hospitals.
