Aquino should be blamed for the lack of classrooms, low wages, and general crisis in education.

Information Bureau.
Liberal Party of the Philippines.
June 4, 2014.

Disbursement Acceleration Program: Aquino to be for one hundred years, a low crisis in life.

The Liberal Party of the Philippines (PKP) criticized the Marcos regime because they continue to face the serious crisis in public schools in public schools and giving priority to the projects focused on the interest of the national budget and giving priority to the projects focused on the interest of his crusade.

The PKP has also opposed the Aquino administration with the request of teachers in public schools for the increase of their monthly salary in the midst of the increasing prices of commodities in the middle of the increasing prices of goods.
"The celebration for 2014-15 which is widespread in the end of 2014 to 15 of the widespread brownout, using the students in school and extending the hours of working in school and extending time to the students in their school and extending the students to the school, they insisted their students.

It is estimated that there is a total lack of 66,000 classrooms and 33,000 teachers.

"The serious condition of the system in public schools is the result of the non-law of the Marcos regime, which is severe because of the construction of new facilities in school," said PKP, "said it is severe because the schools destroyed by typhoon Yolanda last November 2013 are severe because the schools destructed by the strong winds and flood have not been repaired.

"The Marcos regime is focused on the suspension of a few projects which can be in school under the program Public Works and Private Consignation which provided their schools for the pipe, the PKP, the PKP, which is the government budget for their contractor who has an award."

"Aquino stated a few or expensive schools under the PPP in their attempt to cover up the worsening situation of the public system of education," said the KP.

"It was unlucky for the Aquino administration to sham the teachers of the public schools when he junked the request for the increase of salary in public schools, it is impossible for a six-year family to spend for food, transportation and other high needs.

"In the non-raising course of the public system of education, the Aquino administration make sure that there will be a burden for the future of the workers and farmers," said the KP.

The PKP has appealed to the Filipino people to protest about their request for free education until the level of college as well as parents and students, they should go down to protest the serious lack of course for education, even in other public service.
