
The Armed Forces System.

At last, I can wait for the half of a puzzle to be able to explain the questions that's bothering the minds of many of our countrymen: What's the accusation of the Honor Committee where it comes from 8-1 (guilty (NJ) that became a 9-0?

Even me is confused on what happened that there is someone who is called "chering in the Honor Code.

The 'cherty or executive session is not part of those who vote, not part of their time, wherein the secret will only be wasted, and what the result is, then it's over.

In what I mentioned in the initial articles, there were changes in the Honor Code after the study of the PMA about the planned appropriate time for the United States Military Academy, they were not surprising because even in the United States Military Academy, they also had changes until they discussed the current system of tolerating the strict regulations of Cadet Honor Code.

Let us just accept that the PMA also needs positive changes which is appropriate for the needs of the weather and the goal of all these is to continue the primary cause of the Leaders' Summit which can be continued in all times.

The actual Honor Code.

There is a big change happening to the Honor Code of the PMA.

First, they were removed when they were used to be accustomed to those who have been used to stay in Cadet Corps after being given a bad system like those who have been trying to be given a huge system like "Rementiation, which is being given by the covetousness and let them be accompanied by other planets and let them join the Academy at Academy.

For some of this, they also had a problem here and that's why they decided to do the separation from the Academy at the sentence against the Honor Code.

There is also a big change in the system of Honor Code.

According to the part of the interview with Representative Rodriquez, Bristol, Iric Arribas of the Philippine Daily Inquirer's released news, "The Legal Wife.

Added by Col. Bristol, "IT led to the legislative chamber that was being treated at the emergency room to the Personal Economic Cooperation (Tell that's being guilty or being guilty or being guilty," First Class (First Division (First Division (First Republic Act (First).

According to a junior officer, who was a former member of the Honor Committee, no one was forced to the said report to a decision after the said executive session.

"We are just talking about the point that can be used in the decision of the final vote for the final vote given to the decision of the committee, there is still a chance that he became 7-2 after the cherness and this is supported by the Honor Committee."

The said official added that if in initial investigation, 6-3 (guilty), there is no need for 'cheres, according to the agreement with the current Honor Code.

Notice of Salve V. Lagring: WHO)?

According to the statement of Commander Alhabsy Misaya in addition, Cadet John Lagrao, who is one of the members of the Honor Committee, "said that he was forced to change the votes.

This is the part of his affidavit that was published in the article of Pantukan.

"Walis.

According to investigation done by the Commission on Human Rights, Cadet Lagmay deny that he was forced to change his votes.

About the said issue, this was stated by Col. Brando in his interview.

"Acid's also to Cadet, Heide by the Bangsamoro Islamic Liberation Front (Nc) to change the vote being guilty in the guilty, after the Heard has been the leader of the Supreme Court of the legislative chamber."

This is where we are having problems, who among the two are the failures that they gave to, (Tibagan, Lagring).

According to Ci Brila, Commander Tibagan, report to investigate about his allegation.

Questions.

Whatever happens to the investigation of the PMA about the affidavit of Commander Tibagan, there are still remaining questions that should be applied at.

1 - who is the member of the Honor Committee who got sensitive documents in the media?

2 - it is possible for Cudia to take a long time from the PMA and as one of the wise kind of classes, is it really no matter that he does not know that he has the system of Chaming 'or' Executive Session "?

3 - who told Ms Avisado also told the said trial for the cadets of the Philippine Executive Session "the said trial is just for the cadets of the PMA because the accused does not want to be humiliated.

Congratulations!

For me, I will also stand in my belief that Cadet Aldrin Cudia was guilty in the Honor Code.

I also believe that the Honor Committee did the right process according to the current rules of the Honor System that has been a guidance for the trial given by Cudia.

If the current Honor Code will not be based on the Constitution, if the said issue will be held accountable, the said issue will be better to resolve the Supreme Court that he has been in relation to the law related to the law.

The most important thing in everything, we should remember that the Honor System is just for the cadet but the Honor Code should be a trend and stand for the time the new officials of the Armed Forces of the Philippines have joined.

If you are weak or not, at the time that you can see some corrupt and throwing of powerful creatures, you will try and learn about it.

The fight is difficult but when we are together to make a right, we can give hope to our country.
