It has been more than two months before I can make it look for more than two months; I really want the authorities to just laugh at them so that the two will continue to continue.
That is when we will know that we are going to know; I can catch them, who are going to kill each other.
When Christmas and New Year are already part of the Christmas and New Year, you believe that you are going to receive a big reason for those who jumped and have a big knowledge in the New Year, but now that they will have a new knowledge in prohibited and to stop the sale of fireworks.
There is a sound.
Teguides.
They are just liver to avoid this.
Among those who are going to criticize the PNP Chief, he said.
Just laugh at the same time for my birthday and grandfather, what you did is not push through, your trouble is what your trouble is, Lola Goodbye Philippines, only five o'clock in the "and the band that he is carrying.
Our illegal activity that was last Tuesday, very low; and very much more cat are very small.
The law was ordered to be contented with four four members of Two.
That's too much for him to show that this is illegal fireworks that is why it is prohibited by our law in R D).
According to eight eight thousand pesos, the law is related to fruits explosive devices or any person who is too late.
Anyone will buy anyone to catch and join the beach with illegal fireworks that can be transferred to six months to one year and will be fine for a long-month.
That is when we still do not have money to go to school; rather, they are still selling, Iligan City.
Yes, then you will say that February.
He said, that we went back to what we are going back to for other places, they will cooperate with your friends that those who have changed the bacteria that they have changed and will not even know.
The reason why we buy the minds, do not rush the armpit of those who are cooking for the Philippines and the approval of the Department of Trade and combat the buying.
We are productive.
"We are already graduating" we don't laughed.
Accurate!
Yes.
Okay.
This is an estimate of Standard Lunch Program that should be considered similar to.
Okay.
Are you low-tempered so that it will be better to have illnesses like before.
Should be.
Even if you are in the middle of the thickness of the thickness of the thickness of the evil spirits, and children with five to ten years old, it is better for others to use alternative firecrackers such as party so that the New Year will be safe, what do I stop.
