As to why?
The pregnancy with these schools as well as a fellow children who will join these kinds of incidents, no matter what I expected will be in defending and his ally, there are only one who does not like the children of May-May four years.
In BPAT, there are still no other friends in Quiapo that is why it is still thirteen years old when we were caught going to the same length of bamboo; they were not listening to the length of bamboo when they suddenly taste their lives.
Here.
Well.
What happened to my night?
Follow!
Very happy!
Once they get married.
When they were able to go to a bath in the arm again, Gideon Iris and his Padilla died and the stabbing of Ma'am Pilar was looking through her mother.
Sotto.
Reporting, Teacher's Day.
I went to spending so he should work for someone else because he said it's as if I told me what I said.
Even if that is what the child said, you do not have a right, of course I will fight, that's why I don't know that we are the ones who are fond of.
Just like in the studies of one year, two years of two years, they have seen the president from his position, the president experienced the President in order to hit the waves in class in his heart before an elementary school.
Have experienced water abuse from the bakers who worked hard to court.
According to March, the toxins and growing up to play becomes bigger than the child's duty if it will end up with what we are calling in front of us.
Will you say that you can face the abuse that has happened to the child even if there is a problem that has happened to the child.
I will not allow you to let the child use, we are still afraid.
"He will not learn about it, to a public school, we will know that my name is just a terrifying name because I am also not only a guidance to all of my opinion that I am really not a gun.
I was in the past with a still not a problem.
But it was said that when I could not feel that it was right for three times, maybe they can remember that one another one, she was punched on the wall and she was going to live there.
So you can feel the cement with what happened, he feels nothing.
But it turned out to lower down because I am going to lie down because a teacher is also a little bit.
That style is fine, as long as they still drink a way to think of the house in talking, that is positive and nothing should be felt.
He does not understand that he is going to visit him so that I will lessen the hard work that was launched by a loved one in Negros.
"What kind of idea is, to look straight at your entry to class, isn't it right?
You have a teacher who has been happy to enter the next day.
Still, we can stand up; we are approved by DepEd - what I said is the "policy that I said then that the children will be taken care of when the children will be taken care of when they go home to the group because before it.
That's when it can be proven that it can be avoided for school from school when I caught up from school, especially to the parents who are possible to buy his children, who are possible to have money to buy crew members, who are possible to have money to go down at night in class; we were suddenly looking at the start of the night in class; we were suddenly looking for friends.
Second parents are the noise of daddy's noise to their teachers, the right change should be used in the morning so that we should not let us take a picture on the child, we are also calling them by the Americans.
Positive things that they might be proud of here in order to become a good person.
Suterio said to sell.
