
After 41st Lieutenant Shelina Calumay and 503rd Brigade were suspended for the target of the Oplan Galugad conducted, being swept away by the revolutionary movement in North Abra.

Diego Wademia.
Agustin Begen Command-NPA-Abra.
June 3, 2013.

The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) is too desperate to achieve the target of the Oplan Galugad (Izzy B) for the 2013 they are doing all their ways to chase after their failed operations, and launch of the violation of human rights, and launch of the actions that they made.

It was only this May 30, three were killed while there was a certain number of wounded forces of 41st IB when they encountered one M16 rifle and they were able to conduct a fight again and they were able to conduct a fight again which led to Brigade General Hernaez or Iriberri.

There have been successive violation of human rights related to the operation of 41st IB, that it was reported by the citizens of Malpas., and when he said that there was a bomb explosion in their farm, and when he said that there was a bomb explosion in their farm, and when he said that there was a bomb explosion in their farm, and when he said that there was a bomb explosion in their farm, and when he said that it was a rocket connected to their farm, and when he said that they were able to catch a bomb at their farm, and when he said that they were making a bomb in their farm, and when he said that they were making a bomb in their farm, and when he said, they intentionally left the farms of the people and spreading fear and spreading fear.

This is added to the violation that was recorded in the past few months including the threats of the leaders and members of the legal organization that were objecting in the Peace Agreement (PDU) and when they did it with John Bandola, they are surrounded by their houses while they are surrounded by guns.

Part of the operations conducted by the 41st IB, which is part of the implementation of duty of the AFP as the security force, they are also part of the implementation of the duty of the AFP and other businessmen who want to enter the said areas in Cordillera and other region.

Those who are those who are going to make these sweet words, will surely be disappointed by going to a higher campaign for the masses and the constricted offensive of the NPA.
Let us protest and fight the violation of human rights to the AFP!

Let us protest against the construction of abomination.
Fight the Batasang Pambansa Complex!
Fail in Oplan Tokhang!
Strengthen and strengthen the NPA going to a civilized nation!
