Thank you very much; we look at each other; as long as we think about it, because we have been asking for a long time because we still have no text message to him, I have no capital for a long time.
Yes, so many changes in this Philippines will only change in the Philippines.
We are anxious; we are sleeping; we are sleeping that he will be launched by the programs of progress here.
Yes, "that is just what I just want in the Philippines, perhaps, what I are doing, is that," I am going to have are going to school; I know that we are going to go home to our country, I know that we are going to go home to our country, so that we will be able to go home to our country, which is the one whom we want to go home to our country.
We are very pitiful; we'll take care of us.
We were able to point out; he / she was only seventeen years old, because there were Two people who have no problems only to ten days.
It's because they had a point; that the friends, who are friends, but now that they are going to leave for two years, do not want to swim on.
"No matter how much the people we are doing is a huge amount, but we can do that there are classes and places where we try to start, so that we can start prison; we are our father.
It is a few or even for a hat. "
Ah, that's what we say, that we have to look down; but, of course, I am the target of our Philippine older brother Toto, and of course, the work of our Philippine older brother Toto, "of course, is ready for the work of our Philippine older brother Toto," of course, the work of our Philippine older brother Toto, "of course, the work of our Philippine Kuya Toto," of course.
I continue to look at each other; as well as the internet and the internet to play the interest of our countrymen.
You?
Maybe because it is also due to the church to go to church for first to go to church; he / she was covetous; Tanim-bala; and covetousness; we are really fixing many things.
In that.
Just how much is that from them in a vacant land, they are very proud; and then many want to be there to you.
They themselves plant pesos and our cousin.
There are crops that we can put in with them.
They say that clothes are said to have been paid, and we are given to the nagging, Marty.
So much; we will ask myself and you will ask myself in their yard, right?
He / she grew up; he / she was the two of my two children.
We are anxious; as long as they earn one point; and when we get one point, we look for one point so that it would be easy for you to be a medical help for a long time.
I am only six months old, we can already pay.
"That's why when he / she has time to play one four o'clock, he / she said that one year-two months have been broken; she said that we can pay for 10 pesos for every day.
Full of both.
And like that, one day, they got four hours for each other, that's why they were able to go to each other so that they can be proud and more positive, and many are interested in North Cotabato.
Yes, even if you go to Cagayan for yes.
In Pampanga, which was not said that he played with us there is a program in line that's why we have a program in that kind of age; he / she went to the one million MT.
Where do you do something like that, I would get a nap, whom I did.
You are about the head of Jason, that's why I am my wife Orationist.
Whatever it is, it is still a friend, "before I was able to look at him, they are looking for him to ask for food.
Yes, you are very happy that you have seen the key in Bohol cross of Print Plus in Pampanga.
Because it is better for food to be closer to Metro Manila, that's why before that, you will be asked to taste; that's why, you have gone to a coconut tree; that's why you were able to taste each other; so that you will be tasted by a coconut tree; so that we will be tasted; we will be cut off; and so that you will be photographed.
Yes.
It is too much of a mystery that is why I am surprised that I am surprised; we are very surprised.
There.
Yes, not like that, that one of the things that God is facing, we have seen me for a week, we can see each other in the moment we meet, only a few in Pampanga that's why we saw that it's not yet gone.
Why did we not let us stay here in the house?
I'll be able to point out; that I don't only go to Pampanga, I don't just go to Pampanga, I cannot go to Pampanga.
Very small, whose legs are not fittish, they will also be cowards.
According to him, he / she said that he / she wasn't stupid; he / she said that his target was to help in Pampanga.
Two have five hours of travel.
"We are very pitiful; he / she said that, here in front of the street, he / she didn't even talk about it, but it's just once that you're talking to him but I am beautiful here in the beginning that they are the training of the Philippines.
Well.
