AFP against the wish of the Laude family to face Pemberton.

The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) opposed the request of the Laude family to face the suspect, US First Class Joseph Scott Pemberton, this is after the American soldier did not show up to the murder case filed by the relative of transgender Jennifer Laude.
The AFP said, it is not possible to give the adh of the family based on the provisions of the Visiting Forces Agreement (VFA) that said the Philippines is still in the custody of Pemberton the family of the US and Department of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines.
"Such, a representative of Our Stars," statement of the took place of Lt. Col. Harold Cabunoc, public Affairs Chief of the AFP.
On the second investigation, the lawyer of Pemberton failed to submit his counter-affidavit.
But the state prosecutor Emiliana Fe delos Santos answered that the camp of Pemberton should not lead to the investigation.
"We will also be the cause of the Intertropical Convergence Zone that's why it was we can go to the Social Weather Center.
The Laude family was disappointed with the not set of Pemberton to the investigation and it is not sure that the suspect is in Camp Aguinaldo.
"What kind of government is we have a case?
The family gathered the Aquino administration because of the lack of interest on the case of their relative.
"Are you not saying that your boss are small, where is your straight path," said Julita Laude, mother of Jennifer, about President Aquino.
Harry Roque also said as the lawyer of the family, who is not like the rape of "Nicole" in 2005 when the accused attempted to submit a picture, until the present, the suspect, Pemberton was still not a statement.
"Like what I said before, they could not reveal Pemberton," said Roque.

Roque believes that the VFA is going to protect the suspect who is an American soldier because even the motion of Roque is going to be taken from the DNA of and the fried ts of Pemberton, the lawyer protested against him.
According to the group of women from Gabriela who protested again at Justice Hall in Olongapo City, "good points" will be the declaration of the "alien" of Pemberton.
"This declaration is no matter under the VFA that allows the American soldiers to release no visa or any documentary on the country," said Jimboy Salvador, general secretary of Gabriela.
The group is doubting the office of the immigration law of the Philippines to watch the American soldiers who are joining the military.
