He / she was able to look down; he / she said that Commander of Filipinos, who were trapped in Gordon Heights, how they passed the residents went home when they looked at the delicious taste of the help of Rema, why, Aaron Benjamin, on the same way.
Here's Serna Daan.
That's why there's only a good luck because only one wants to report it, according to them, they should just report.
He / she was very angry; he / she was able to go down; and then said, she did not push back and close it.
I did not respond to the picture of P / U: PNoy when they found out that it was being cut off in the Golden Heights Commander Jabic and Gaming Corporation (SOCO) and SOCO) with the loved ones that they love.
What is the challenge of Arinoli, who was given her breakfast for the age of R) but Network.
Four of the soldiers are already able to go out of the position, wherein Julen, no Thursday.
The bullet went to this hour but the soldiers did not respond to it.
They arrived after the threat of Marayes that was also dead, Commander and they passed away.
It would be better if the Filipinos get away from their cement, and the residents easily ran off.
Postigo also said that he would take a bath again with the ill-tempered line with their surroundings.
"We are like that, there is no money coming out by my inmates, there are five kilos of us that I did not know.
What will it be that you are going to do that, if you will report, we will complain about an hour and half of the soldiers walked.
Why did your colleagues let go of what we are saying there will be joyful.
Philippine Philipines there is Boy.
In sure, grandpa Knapsack is certain.
But despite the praises sent by the troops, I was made to hurt by those who were angry or that, "I said, I know that I am the ones who know.
"Is it not right for you to have an investigation by the mountain Commander Major there, she said yes to the changing of the decisions that I am going to feel, I am just thinking that you are the only one who will be able to go with, you are going to enter, right?
