
Corruption in LTFRB (2)

It is really saddening because President Aquino is used to declare his campaign against corruption and attitude "but it seems that his only decision is the former officials of the government.
Blind, he is silent and deaf when it comes to the alleged corruption of his own allies, "as said by one of the people who spoke under PNoy, there was no" Tuwid na Daan "what is being done in the previous administration with" First Class "and is not stupid in stealing.
Within the Land Transportation Office (LTFRB) and Land Transportation Office (LTO), the party of crooks will continue, but they are still the same style in exchange for money even in exchange for the safety of our passengers and other motorists.
For example, in the case of the CHR, it seems that what the LTFRB and LTO are doing is just a show to their campaign against vehicles that are almost as black and you do not have a way to send people in EDSA for sure that they caught a lot of people in EDSA that they caught a lot of people in EDSA.
The question is, why is it that they continue to have registered to the streets while two years have passed, many are not yet allowed to sail at the road because aside from the old vehicles, they are still not safe because they are almost safe because the cherness and suspension of these are already safe.
Aside from the bark of the driver, the cause of the accident involving passenger jeepney and bus is the reason why one of those who are always blamed by the drivers every time they get involved in the accident will not bite off the steering wheel that's why they lost control of the steering wheel.
The question is why these do not make its way if they are trying to make it pass, why are they allowed to drive even if it is obvious that they are not safe from the road?
And who is the official of LTO who is named "Benjo" who is said to be the one responsible for a lot of colorum buses? "That's what we can take to the next generation!
For your suggestions and comment, you just send a email to gum.
