
Scattered operations in Rizal were dismayed by the AC-NPA were disappointed in the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the Bastes in the province, success!

Reporting, Ka Karylle.
NPA Rizal (Narciso Anacorita Aramil Command)
April 08, 2012.

From January 2, 2012 up to the present, the force of the military and police are doing the eight seconds of damaged operations in the province of Rizal in the outline of the forces of the 16th IB, San Mateo, Baras, Tanay and the city of the Philippine National Liberation Front (BGHMC) including the ranks of the Pambansang Kamao-PA), including the ranks of the Pambansang Kamao-KMU), including the ranks of the Pambansang Kamao-KMU).

Active fighting and standards of offensive was the response of Narciso Aniban) - NPA-Rizal.

On February 15, 2012 - the troops of the 16th IB-Illegal Drugs-59th Infantry Battalion and 59th Infantry Battalion who resulted in the death of an improvised gun and injured by three others were released by the NPA and the force of the AFP and the force of the AFP.

On February 19, 2012 - the NPA were disappointed by the attempted attack of a fisherman who was held by Lieutenant Bagbag in Sitio Dinapuan, Sta. Ines, Tanay, Rizal, who was caught in front of his companions who were severely wounded in this fight, Private Agcauldron, while no one was shot in the side of the BHB).

Last March 3, 2012 - the troops of JAC-NPA attacked and pulled out of 59th Infantry Batallion in Sto. Niño, Tanay, Rizal.

Last March 23, 2012 - the members of the 58th IB) shot the members of the 59th Infantry Batallion in their tomfoolery in Calitlitan, Antipolo City, two were wounded in that operation.

On March 30, 2012 - It was owned by the joint forces of the 16th IB-ABB and 59th Infantry Battalion and 59th Infantry Battalion in their jurisdiction in Sitio Apaya, Caltex, Antipolo City, three soldiers were wounded in that operation.

The bickering of intense offensive continues in the eight seconds of continuous military operations in the midst of the attack of the NPA in the province and safe from the attack of the NPA in the province and the victory of the NPA in the province is sure to be successful in any danger of the military.

The celebration of the 80th anniversary of the Botchok (March 29, 2012 in the territory of Botchok (March 29, 2012 in the territory of a democratic country in the province, was attended by more than 100 people including the operation of military which failed to stop the celebration of the area.

It is clear that this success of the Bastes in the province is clear to determine the outcome of the Oplan Galugad conducted by the Philippine US-Aquino.

Long live the 25th anniversary of the new armed forces!
Long live the political party of the Philippines!
Long live the Filipino people!
