
Successful with the offensive offensive in Isabela.

NPA Cagayan Valley (northeast Luzon.

(Fortunato Camba Command.

Being judgemental, 2012.

The officials of the 5th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army are going to find out what happened that was made by the NPA.
To their troops in the good payment, Echague, Isabela on November 17.
Second on the defeat they experienced in northern Luzon this 2012.
It is said that the defeat made by the NPA will be given to the abusive troops in Tinoc, Ifugao last April, where 11 personnel of 85th Infantry Battalion are dead.

Because they cannot hide it, they admitted what they experienced.
The damage in Echague, but along with this is to cover up the series of votes.
The damage sustained by the military troop in Isabela this October.
November. The painful for the 5th ID, is the two of them.
The 51st division and 52nd Division Recide was brought about.
Cometies (Dumpsite) - the primary causes of damage.

October 17 - it was past twelve o'clock in the evening, three troops of 24-year-old people were possessed by 51st Lieutenant.
The casualty was killed and no one was wounded in the story that happened.
They are between them and a candidate who is under the collection of Klay Thompson Command.
New Peking's Army at the sitios-og Road, Barangay Santa Isabel in the town.
Jones, the encounter lasted for 30 minutes and had no separation.
The Pregoner were fighting against the arrest of the 5th ID, which is useless.
Both sides.

October 30 - four troops of the 25-year-old troops were arrested by 51st Lieutenant Shelina Calumay in the leadership of a 2Lt. Cabidray.

November 8 - two corrupt troops were killed and ten were wounded when the 54-year-old troop of 51st Lieutenant Shelina Calumay's leadership attacked him at the mass media, although there were many people who saw the corpses being thrown at the mass.

It is two o'clock in the Middle East.

But no matter what experts do at Psy and war in the 5th ID,
They did not hide and forced to admit what happened.
It would be two effects of the two Elite these units in the morning.
Day of November 17.

Like what happened last 1: 30 in the sitios, Lubuan, Brgy. Gotoc.
San Mariano, the fishermen admitted that there was an encounter that occurred.
But they did not admit to them having sex.
A factory owned by 51st Lieutenant Shelina Calumay's leadership again by 2Lt. Cabotahe, died from the ambush on them by a fisherman who was held under Reynaldo Con Command of the NPA.

Three hours have passed, seven troops of 52nd Doren.
In the leadership of 2Lt. Jimelito Torresna), the one died (included.
Torresna), and eight more were wounded after being ambushed by a fisherman there.
Under collection to TESDA Command of the NPA.
20 people died in an enemy. According to an official report of Benito.
Command, included in those who were seized by the three machine gun - a M60, five M16 rifle, three M16 Armalite rifles, three-year-old Patintero, one hundred years, and Natanglement, one hundred bullets and 15 US Army, were wounded.

It was dawn of November 16 when the troops of 52nd Infantry Battalion are going to go to the area held by the NPA rebels last day, and when the NPA were taking advantage of the area, they were taking advantage of the area which is possible to pass by those who are possible to pass by those who are possible to pass after being ambushed.

The masses have regular bruises on the situation of the innocent enemies.
And they pointed the road to always pass by the military.
They are moving from a petition to file a petition to collect payment.
Behind bars.
The enemy will surely move at night and a bigger possibility.
They will pass through the route identified by the masses, so when darkness comes.
The three opposing sides of the NPA were worried about a favorable position in the appointed category.
Any time it is possible that their target is moving.
Eat dinner and no longer left the dancers while waiting.
For the whole night, they did not put on their bed for those who are trapped.
They are destroying the graves, and it's as if the body was only able to bite off the thin plastic plastic bags.

The members of the NPA are studying how the action of the NPA will be studied on how the movement in the night (-night movement) by the troops of Damayan Lagi, only three years old and only by the force of the government, they have been used to have a experience in the intense offensive fight.

The scheduled killing becomes the source of the person you will face.
There is a small road under the wake, they were able to stay at the germs.
The first gossip is already separated with two more nutritious food.
The second conservation will be bought in the height of the wake of land only.
It is in a long time; and the nearby third who are worthless are hidden from some other.
There are lots of banana in a higher part of the wake.
The road, and the two senseless stories are irritated when the corn are made.
The night came out from the wake, the night, and even darkened.
Dawn of November 17.

It was past four o'clock in the morning when a few were seen to see.
Together with the busy people, which at first is not sure.
If it is an expert of the NPA or enemy of the NPA or an enemy, the NPA will be vigilant and careful in the wake of the second and the NPA will be the third to be an enemy.
The one who was in the front, did not pass through the road and almost cried.
They were only three meters away from those who were buried for three meters.
They are.

We do not know that the enemy of the NPA does not know.
It turns out that they climb the wake, so when they fired at them.
Those who are down from the wake, while others, including some, are included.
The M60 machine gun, who is in front of the wake, will be put in focused on the wake of the wake, they were met with a third one with an enemy with an enemy, he was met by a shotgun by him with a shotgun.
But it did not pass, that's why he attacked the enemy.
They were amazed by another companion at the end of his M14 at the side.
The enemy was thrown away, thrown away, ran but shot, was left behind.
He / she was M60. Masisit.
Shooting.

The Supreme Court has a decision in this decision.
It is part of the back of the enemy, but will not just bring up because it is close.
Fight and the surrounding is very dark.
When he clarified that the enemies were forgotten when they were charged by the fire.
From the back.

Although the gunshots comes from it.
In front of the side, side and back, the Co was not able to recover.
He stayed in the unit and instead, they remained in a part of the wake.
It will be a masodiets even if the surroundings will be light aside from those who are running out.
Down from the wake and hid inside the tree, one was hit.
Those who are famous, including identified as Torresna), are everywhere.
Squid, t-shirt, step and killed is dead for a few meters.
The surrounding is far from the surrounding.

At around 6 million pesos, the NPA gave birth to the NPA.
They stayed in the wake.
Expressed his surrender, together with two other enemies who are wounded.
Left in the wake was treated by the NPA.
Luckily, the wound was severe, and it was treated as well as the two to surrender.
The wound was very severe and alive after they immediately called the NPA in a radio interview.
About the wounded enemies, they say they are going to get the things.
This is to be treated at past twelve at noon.
The two helicopter and reinforcements troops of the 5th ID arrived.

On the two effects of the NPA of November 17, the NPA were disappointed by the NPA that there are things that can be held by an enemy, which is part of the-year-old man, which has been hit by the Elite, which has been hit by the Elite by the 5th ID troops.

No matter how they attempt to divert the attention of the public from it.
The defeat they experienced, similar to those who have three.
Foreign women were said to be with the NPA and to send the NPA.
The pickpocket was fighting against the killing of Cagayan going to Isabela.
Cannot hide the meaningful strengthening of the armed people and armed men.
Struggle in Isabela.

