Sunday, April 13, 2014.

Let's take a different kind of exercise.

It is still morning when I feel peace in the surroundings not only because it is just a week and I really want to see the fight between Pacquiao and Bradley, that's why I really want to see the fight between Pacquiao and Bradley yesterday, that's why I did not have to go to church for a long time.

Yesterday, I thought that the "Pambansang Kamao" of the Philippines was hoping to win again because of his severe defeat against Juan Manuel Marquez, who was lucky that she was not wearing his rosaries, and because he did not do the former style, he was not doing the former style wherein he got killed by his enemies.

In his rise from the severe country, he defeated Brandon Rios, who is also extremely grateful for his fight against Bradley, which is why he wants to win his defeat against Bradley, which is why he wanted to fight Pacquiao when he defeated Pacquiao.

And now, because I have been able to see the live in live in our live in the second time, I hope that the two boxers will prevail on how to start and end the fight, they think what will become the outcome of their career if one of them will be defeated.

That's why when the fight will start, each side will start again inside the 12-year-old Pacquiao because he had thought that he needs to defeat Bradley because of the words he said that he had a hard time to beat him in his fight because it was really difficult for Pacquiao to beat him in his fight.

I noticed that Bradley was using the style of Mayweather, which is used as the size of his body, he was playing with Pacquiao's face, but if he could be defeated by Pacquiao's face, it was noticeable that his popularity of Pacquiao's mother was noticeable, while he was watching the rosary and one slope of it.

The fight is finished inside the 12-round and the decision of the judges in favor of Pacquiao, and in the end, Manny Pacquiao said that he was not able to go back to his enemy, Manny Pacquiao said that he will not be able to get him.

The happiness of Manny's fans here in the Philippines is scattered all over Facebook, especially the viewers, for free every time in Taguig, Marikina and different places in our country as a few hours, and it is certain that this has a big effect to our viewers, and our country.
