
Flintshire was identified as Persist back, My Mama, Chademia (Lefur.

We are in Legazpi City in Barangay TIDino to gather in the jurisdiction of SPO five Estino when I received the Warning Order (combat operations in the forest part of Patikul.

From the house of my new friend, Gasper, I can see the high mountain which is leading the forest.

"That is what we are calling under the enemies of our families and those who live-in work there," Untalan said that he is also a Barangay Captain in his area.

I am familiar to hearing the called Butig in Mount Athos) because I am fond of reading things written in history especially when it is related to the military and in the Philippines.

Last June 1913, this is the place where criminals are fighting until their last breath, pickpocket was fighting until their last breath, American soldiers and Moro Sambts (Maguindanao and Maranao) that General John Persist back.

More or less 500 children and women were included in the fight here before the American troops attended the Tausug for more or less four days of fight.

It seems that I am afraid when there is a lot of victims of violence in this fight, that is also one of the reasons why their respect for its historical place is like that, like Datu Amil, who died here, like Datu Ambo, who died in the fight with his group.

I do not feel nervous but I felt different from my new area of operations (ao), that is why I am still not afraid of Radulan Sahiron but it seems that I am still wearing Agimat, "they know where to be absorbed by the soldier who attacked the place.

An intense competition entered his territory that is why we should think that we should think about what is his strategy, I should also think of what he looks because it is unlikely that her appearance is blurry because of the pictures that she showed to us to the indigenous bus.

"As long as well, there is only one hand, that is already old and always riding a horse, more or less than 50 are his companions there in that place," said one INTEL Guy who has his briefs on us.

According to him, it is still unlikely for the information given to me that there is nothing clear to the information given to me, there is no clear to what is called Commander's Information Development Assistance Center (CIR), we implement the strategy, according to war, brain, should be used, not to be used in going to the country, do not use it! "

In what I see, there are two points by the troop of Radulan Sahiron because compared to the group of personnel, most of whom they have been fighting with each other, they have been fighting with each other, they knew each other in the fight that they have been fighting with each other, they know that each soldier was being shot, just like a target paper.

Meanwhile, my Team Azkals could not be caught last in the encounter in Surigao and in Basilan which can be questioned in the combat that we have been together in the Bangsamoro Basic Law (UD), so we should know that we are well-off in the Bangsamoro Basic Law (UD), which is why we should know that we are well-off in the Bangsamoro Basic Law (UD), which is why we should know that we are well-off in the Bangsamoro Basic Law (UD), which is why we should know that we are well-off in the Bangsamoro Basic Law (UD).

In addition to this, we will only go to the lower part of my soldiers, the ability to take revenge on the distance of the head of my soldiers, the ability to take advantage of the head of the head for a distance of 500 meters or more than all, we have a salary, free and different benefits that are not in the ranks of the bandits.

Wait, we also have one lead, we also have one of our enemies. Yes, we are the same with our enemies that they pray and asking for guidance from God for kidnapping, rape and bullying of them.

"Do not be afraid of them because we are on our side with the Lord Almighty," I remind me that we are going to gather for our mission Planning.

I have been noticing it, everything is serious every time we will bet our lives in a mission, Anzon, which is also a warning to others, we did not fulfill what was said on 2-Brigada mission in Jolo!

We are always heard about the fate of other soldiers in the neighboring units that were not lucky in the fighting for various reasons.

I know that the reason for the cleanliness of the lives of other soldiers is the fact that it is not forgotten or wearing Abaya in the combat.

Included in them were Principal of Security System in civic missions on our studies.

"Every time there is a danger area (place where it is possible that there is an enemy), the surroundings should be vigilant and are always set by the weather elements."

I also have a serious warning to them not to be defeated by feeling tired.

"Even if we are tired and hungry, do not neglect our security, it is better that we feel tired because it means that we are alive!"

"Who among you do not want to get tired that much?"

Others are taking advantage and there is no increase in hand and of course it's only dead that we are not tired.

Because of that, every time we are driving in danger like a low ground or low line, we need to watch over from behind each other even if it is hot or Single Entry Approach where there is a hot topic or any kind of blood that might be attracted to anyone.

I am serving in Buder.

It was dawn that when we left the Assembly area in TIDs for a heated operation in the forest of Butig.

The surrounding is still dark when we started to walk and need to use a vacation of a-year-control of the elements so that they can easily see the surrounding.

If it is too dark, especially when the area is cooked, we are holding the shoulders of the first and we have signal number.

It can't be avoided before we won't understand each other when the local government uses different types.

In an opportunity, the troops of the troops that may Bisaya, "Pad of word, have already been high!" Pasing the word, there is a hole!

Of course, what the Americans do not understand and always whispers that he said, right? "

Later on, the movement of movement is bigger because there has been 3 points in the hole in the hole of the troops that took place and even caught up with a hold of their uniform.

"I am confused!

"Grandchild!"

"On the same time, it fell into a hole in a hole!"

It's as if I felt pity for what happened, I need to control the situation so I approached them as well and then approached them.

"Convulsion because it will take advantage! It is up to the waist!"

Our extensive movement is tainted.

There was a hit in Buug!
