Condolences to the firefighters and the Kashmm, Ka Arbarillo, and 10 presidents.

As Barangay Pamukid of the Pambansang Kamao of the National Bureau of the Philippines (NDFP), I have to give thanks to the families and all of their companions in the southern Katagalugan and the entire country of Ka ArAlbarillo, and ten of them were killed by the national tourist in San Narciso, Quezon last June 30.

The 17-worker who offered their lives in the filipino people will send their lives to the filipino people to serve the country to serve the country, join the revolution and join their own life if needed in the process of fighting.

The blood of the stranglers and heroes are approved by their blood on the land of the revolution.

I am sure that the entire Liberal, armed people and the masses will give the highest award to each of her being a martyr anymore, but they can determine the information about you being a martyr.

According to my knowledge, Ka Arguarillo was the former general secretary of the town-INKatropa bench and the delegates of the third AOIL of International League (People's ng mga Bayani last 2007.

When he became one of the ST 72, wherein 72 leaders were filed in Southern Tagalog region, he saw the lack of justice and he decided to be a red pickpocket that caused his participation at the highest appearance of the highest position of the Traslacion.

According to the report, the province of Quezon is full of severe intoxication, eight members of the Philippine Army, Philippine National Police and strategies of this kind of ordinary citizens and repression to the citizens and citizens who are patriotic and progressive.

The state of terrorism will push through and will push to the people, especially the sweet sweat, who fought for their national and under democratic rights and push the revolution for their national and civic works.

The cruelty of the enemies will serve as a challenge to the crossroad, principles, principles and strategies of the Filipino nation under a democratic revolution.

Long live the spirit and goal of Ka Areven Albarillo and those who were fooled by her being a martyr!

It will push the national under democratic governance!

Long live the sweat and filipino people!
