The guest now is Mang Area, an expert, that, where we will be given a huge Independence Day, you are okay with the heart disease and we will find out that he will be busy with the heart disease and we will find out that you are really patience, which is the reason why we really have a heart disease.
I am a young man and what if you are looking at what we are going to do, you are a doctor Antonio of Jordan, who is also a doctor Antonio of Jordan, that is also a good morning, it is a good morning to all of you.
"We are very grateful for the alphabet and we have visited us yes, Banga, you can go there to help the people who are suffering from the heart for you to help people because you're still here, do not pay attention to the pain in your heart.
Tension to diabetes.
You might be vigilant, but what we want is to talk about this morning or not.
Here, the pain in the heart came from the heart, and what we are saying is that, we have been talking to anyone, right age, "we are talking to someone who is really wrong," we know that there are a lot of artists from our health, that we do not know that there are a lot of men who are affected by the traffic in our health.
First, of course, that is why there is a lot of people in the room.
The year-year-year-old man's-year-old man, whose name, was able to take care.
Fishing in the third year-old and second in my age, it is a huge amount of stick about that I thought of oil only.
But I was an award which was not just an illusion but also a straw.
Disease in heart.
And that is the right thing for October to Luzon.
Yes, thousands of Two Wives are two thousand per hour cancer.
So that's why it's as if I am the one to eat the same.
Because all of us rode the car going to work.
We want us to lessen the vehicle in front of the destination.
For the Filipino, we are prohibited to walk in line, so I don't want to be in the exercise of our number.
Five hundred P-M?
Yes, that's right.
We are proud; our health is very strong and strong in your health, how do we really become victims of a lot of things, so that we really have two viand, that is why we really have two viand, so that we are the ones who are fighting and traffic here, instead, we are in the same time.
That's when we have a boils.
!
Like the burial.
Just one big complaint to the traffic enforcer, which we should have done five, to start, we should have something to do so that we could have something to do so that we will be able to do something that we are going to go to our destination; we will go to school; we are going to go to each other;
Program is what it means that the car should not only have car.
Covetousness; as well as well, as well as well as well as the traffic enforcer was for as well as well as the four-four-year-old; and other four-year-old; not to be afraid of the piles of establishments;
Those who have been going to be a tricycle of the street.
Move on the people.
So it's not just a car that should be included.
My five-year-old Louie Ebora is five years old; and fuck, other ways.
It seems.
Covetous, fog; and to February.
One P-M?
A A-M has been brought again for a mechanic (GAA, we did not want to prove that it can be sent home to a bike.
Covetous, dearse; "to that!
It's because the food full of technology is allegedly flying in their toll fee.
!
You can get free people.
Will there be a kind of wife who is here in front of him because they have a lot of people who do not have to do this for the long-paid attention of five Vikings of us yes.
And then you can jogging, you can just be drooling.
Roxas will be able to pick it as mayor Cherrylyn Santos in Pasig City.
Very small; as long as they are to be deacious; they will be united; we are living together so that people will be used to use the former an alternative motor (not only.
That was when I was riding a car with her husband, we have done something like Vikings.
How can you carefully understand the public to use a bicycle so that the first news of those who got caught in an accident in the suitcase.
If prosperity is needed, there are a lot of people who use a bicycle and Claudine is a bit of it.
Like they have a bad people, that's why they really are heroes.
Because you came home, because they are waiting for different people to wait for different people to wait, we are together; we are together; we are together; we are together; we are clean, callers for their bicycles.
Two teenagers.
I will see it at the corner.
And when I put her under a bike from Makati to Quezon City, I can say that even if I am going to say that we can do that even if it's not right, we can also do that we are going to be a part of the Pen for so that they should also give a house every few thousand.
"We are anxious; he / she grew up; he / she's very pitiful; we know that I am in the streets, I know that this is the content of the streets, because I still remember that there is already a lot of people, that's why I still remember that it's just a lot.
But what happened is for them to ask clothes because we have a lot of eight drivers who passed away.
"It's not the discipline that our enemy, here, pray that it is our enemy, who are our enemy, whose interest is the reason, that's why he / she didn't care, that's why he / she didn't care, that's why he / she didn't care, that's why I am going to go to the office that's why at the office of Mother.
It is only here, Scott John, who will go to the office are riding a bike along Angga, near the office who is riding a motorcycle with a bike, along in Marikina City, can it be easy to carry, that's why it's okay with other vehicles to have two cars.
There are also those who sometimes hit the garbage too much by April Two two.
It is not a lot of try to just send a bike for a vacation Sunday, maybe Iloilo City.
I would go to you very beautiful because to protect their house.
Assistants are going to be transferred to their house Coll's car.
When it comes to the law to protect him / her elder sister, they still continue to protect him.
He was able to deny.
What was placed in spaghetti which is why they did it on Thursday.
A thrifty person in a boarding house.
Ah, why is it that for you to stop it?
Together with that!
Yes, it was the cent of the operation yes.
You are on the streets like that, or that is what we need to do to the people.
It is a good policy for the stop public utility vehicle (bicycle and then walking there is a new bill that this has a new bill that is why you are certain that you have a call-tempered; and i'll be able to go ahead and go ahead in the fourth year.
There was a certification in the hospital for 10 pesos.
Don't get any form of ten kilometers per hour, fish paste or iced tea, and lemon juice or lemon juice.
Local do that, a small-year-old meeting, will not be close to you Lyceum and you are just doing it and it is done by the department.
Whatever that is that long as long as we have granted it, that will happen to February.
They did not stop for a long time when did his five-year-old children have started, in the Philippines Network, this is only here in you, we can see each other in August 22.
Yes, yes, but now he does not want to Gaming Corporation.
It's because in August, we have two thousand for two thousand, so we have five thousand; we have five years old and there are many effects that many students who are interested in Dubai, but we have a lot of effects that I want, that I have a lot of people if I can only want a bike.
But these are these.
I am still an actor.
In the video, he / she was wearing a video; he / she can do all means and it might be the best of your cellphone for the two of you to find a success, especially on top of five years.
Let us also make a night at the X-R) in the L-T) or his mother, we are just a mother-in-law; we will really be able to win, our friends, who are our friends, will not be pitiful; we will talk to the discipline driver that we are together with.
White M-M Riyals.
We have different yes, we need them in life to be the one to call there to prepare the call there in the meeting.
That's why we were able to look down; we have started to pick up; that's why they have started to go to school;
"Do that, because you have a lot of friends with the doctor, we are the doctors who went here in a resort-Am because they forget to go to our Fil-Am; that's why I say that the traffic is our health.
We are busy with medicines for illnesses after the million there to buy medicine that we don't forget to have simple things.
For the medicine given to our health, it's like that.
But the streets!
It was only six o'clock in the February 18-Illegal Drugs Act, which lasted for six months, and hoping that we go away, Tyo, "Matt," Matt, and we can create a constricted streets.
Together with the Makati Makati Homul-V will not only be Manila, it is okay with the Whole, the February-year-old; we can just use the number of things that I will use to have a lot of laundry but they can only use.
They entered there, just like that, that's why he / she's going to be with a corresponding reward.
It's only in the year of mine but it can be no matter if you go.
We will take care of the fight.
Okay, that's okay with his older sister, which is why he will visit his mouth.
They at the U P-INTECAYETANO!
Yes, okay.
But yes, but the end of the end, we can see each other than the people who are already dead.
The heart was painful.
Too much.
What?
How much is the things that has been used in there are too much love for them to be treated, whose interest is to be treated.
I told me that it is not just an issue that I am not in that kind of living, very small, healthy and healthy heart.
