
It is 4-A cleaned by General Estipona and Tibagan, an example.

In relation to the consecutive attacks on illegal gambling for those who are widespread, will be experienced in Calabarzon, we found out that PO 3 Acuna was able to protect the Provincial directors to sweep the brimming.
Because of that, the farmers proved that it is only temporary if they can push for Estipona.
With the dedication he showed in his duty and being sensitive to the reports about his AOR, we believe that this official is far from me in the field of public service.
We do not have a habit to have a kind of fruit, but with what you did, General Estipona and sir, let you count me to your dreams that one day will be resolved by one of the chairs of the PNP Top brass!
I salute you, sir!
Entice the President.
If others are having a big inconvenience in the community, it becomes a big inconvenience for the community because it becomes a cause of resentment and source of resentment and the source of conflict in Masbate, there is a group in Facebook that should be given attention in the national or international level.
Because, for my limited knowledge, this is the first in front of the whole country (maybe even in the whole world), those who are living in different parts of the world have a relationship for one goal: Those who helped others!
The group of Milagros Ako (Tibagan, Facebook), in the beginning has a way for those from Milagros, Masbate to be prudent in any time, where they are there.
We feel that at first, the loneliness of the members of Tapay who is in far places will be cut off because of the events in Milagros, in Masbate and even in the whole country.
But in the end, there had been an idea supported by strongly supported by some of the members, the members are tired only until the successful project given by the Budol-dugo Gang "of Milagros, which is the" Pilot "in Rosalinda. West, West, Milagros.
This was immediately followed by the giving of "wheelchair" to Ilo Medina, of Barangay Bacolod, which the doctor went to their house in relation to the communication and perseverance of the victim.
This issue is not enough for giving thanks to Taba, but I feel that more than the gratitude that every member of Tutok-God will feel better because of what they are doing to others!
Even if it's just through this point, may I have a relationship with the Tantangan so that their pro-god and pro-year purpose that I know more will happen next in the coming days.
In the barangay hall, you have proven that there is no need to be a politician and people who look into the treasury of the country to do what is called as the person who is calling him!
And the followers of our column, Burleson, Masinloc or no one who wants to be included in the different goal, to just go to Facebook the group.
I salute all of you!
