
Medicine for AIDS and the people against traffic and flood.

Congratulations!

There are some people who were wounded in the previous typhoon Gumba.
In the province of Quezon there was a tornado in the town of Jomalig (course of course, there were anything done by the house but they are still thankful to the Lord for the lack of casualties from them.
We should be thankful that no one died while we are still on a bath.
Severe traffic.
This Saturday when typhoon GROs at Manila got tangled, the traffic got tangled.
It's good that Saturday and millions of students in elementary and corn school have no classes, which are usually caused by extreme fear of private and public.
But the point here is that the traffic happened too much.
It is good that the authorities continue to study how they will fight the severe traffic, especially the flood which is the source of it.
How can the citizens help solve this problem?
Different kinds of help.
There are some who will surely do the people to help against flood and traffic as well.
First, just report to the authorities those who seem to pull the holes in the dates of horseshoe, just for them to earn a school school or so that the citizens will be forced to board the tricycle driver or tricycle.
Second, is it possible that the people will arrest the smooth tricycle drivers in the private sector, tricycle and motorcycles causing the expensive fare on time of flood?
Third, how will he fight the person in making up on the main roads so that if there will be a vehicle, will give them a drug addict?
Fourth, can the police and traffic enforcers who loiter the traffic?
We are telling this because if the traffic is tangled because of flood, the police and traffic enforcers are gone.
Fifth is for motorists, until we can do is to condition our vehicles and make sure that we have enough diesel and gasoline so that we will not stop or going crazy during the time of traffic and flood.
The sixth day, we hang on the throwing of garbage to those who need to be disposed and not anywhere.
Remember that even though it is small, like the amount of cigarettes, it can be returned.
These are just small things, Bro, but they will be doubly careful or getting to do these to the people.
The only difficult thing to do is "which is being given to the police and traffic enforcer to fix traffic because they are gone.
New projects.
But there is a bigger responsibility or work of government officials on the problem of flood and traffic.
Now that there are a lot of growing management in our government, what are our expected answers to the two problems that they have mentioned?
Hopefully, with their taking of duty yesterday, it is part of the traffic and flood in their immediately take care of.
Change in love.
Along with the taking of new leaders in different positions in the government, they were able to board the position and change of people on them.
From high-ranking officials up to the police, they were able to attack and replace.
But we want to express the new leader how they will fire the traffic and flood.
How much was that fast when they fired shots with the people of their opponents who are assigned to their positions, this is how they will solve traffic and flooding?
Hopefully, indeed!
It is so irresponsible to save.
Because the two problems we are saying is too low.
For example, the workers are tired of their job, they are tired of being a short trip.
It burns especially those standing in buses.
Are you able to make it no matter how hard the passengers there are, especially on the parts of women, the traffic in 2, 3, 4 or 5 hours and evening or at dawn or at dawn.
And can you find out how hard it comes to hundreds of kilos in flood and holes in the streets if the traffic is not moving?
Or you senators, congressmen, governor, mayor and other officials, talk and act quickly against traffic and flood.
"There is no medicine for AIDS.
The World Health Organization said that they will be tested to use the discovered medicine against HIV-AIDS.
WHO said that it is still not sure if the HIV-AIDS has been completely relieved but it is really true that HIV-AIDS has a clear medicine.
However, the medicine is not free and has payment for it to spend on improvement of medicine and widening of treatment to patients.
Here in the Philippines, thousands have HIV-AIDS.
But in the whole world, there are 34 million victims.
For now, the target to undergo treatment of WHO is only around 10 million and it is only unlucky that they will not cook it.
They are dead, except the innocent and infected with it.
