
"Oplan WORTEL-INTECAYETANO!

The people should be proud of the dedication shown by the deceased who died in the SAF 44, which led the PNP-SAF.
Despite the danger they will go through, they do not mind that they will die because what happens is their sworn duty.
"Oplan (Operation (Special Action Force a mission," said by a retired PNP official, "said by a retired PNP official who were able to talk to the United Seal forces, who were conducting an operation, for sure there will be a lot of people who were conducting an operation.
Because of Brgy. Tuazza, Mamasapano, Maguindanao, where Zulkifli Bin Hir, alias Marwan was very dangerous place.
"Marwan's place was surrounded by the camp of Moro Islamic Liberation Front and Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters.
"Examination declared that he called the place of Bgy. Tuazao in Mamasapano, which was attacked by the PNP-SAF forces.
It is said that they are taking advantage of the terrorist groups who are aware of the military, however, they did not attack because the area is very dangerous.
PNP-SAF also knows that their mission is being implemented, but they did not think what will happen to get Marwan.
It prevailed, that, to the attacks of SAF commandos, according to our talk to the police official, the police officer was declared dead.
Even if they have exceeded the 44 members, the operation is considered by the SAF "tanim-Victory," not only in the Philippines, but also in the whole world.
In other way, in the name of peace of the people, Marwan needs to lose in the world, the police official emphatically stated.
The international bomb those with $5-million reward, Marwan was behind the southern bombing that killed more than 200 people.
The SAF risked their 44 lives, but never thought because they are heroes of the society in the whole world because they killed Marwan.
In the disappearance of Marwan, many lives are safe in danger of being the international terrorist, story of the police official.
In the midst of extreme sadness that the people are feeling now, hopefully the "Fallen 44" will serve as inspiration to everyone.
We are all the same Filipino, the peace talks in Chance (Izzy OKautasan.
