Aetas and Baphorseshoe, boasts in winning actor.
Cherry Pie, winning?
By Ginger RL-July 22, 2016.
The recent 1st Infantry Battalion Film Festival was held by Dra. Milagros Torrero and Universities (Harper cent, Inc. and Director Maryo J. delos Reyes.
The week this film fest season has been finished, the day before yesterday in Makati Sigua, La Hotel.
Star Ngayon that the said award was attended by the respected artists like Lorna Tolentino, Edu Manzano, Jaclyn Jose and Cherry Pie Picache.
The urge to take revenge on where Zig is also able to serve the defending Director trophy.
Story of life and love of a Aetas who was being attacked by the movie, which was being taken by Director Zig, who was the protagonist.
The famous Aetas who is Garry Cabotahe, where he will tie the actor Beminine Roco who is the protagonist in the movie Pac, has won.
It is gladdening to share with his story Garry Domingo because after the movie, she is back to normal life in Zambales with his wife and children.
He is already asking for an administrative case because he will win winning actor, but he said he will not reach because the river is increasing in them, which is why he will find it hard to undergo Manila.
The promise of Doctora Vicki Belo and Universities (Harde, he was fetched by the helicopter to be able to attend the ballot.
He / she had a complete honor trophy even if he is not an actress.
It seems that he does not have any plan to continue acting because he wants to continue their normal life in Zambales.
Cherry Pie's best actress from the movie he / she was able to see her too much enjoyment when she accepted the said award because her long time "did not make a movie and now had an award.
"It's like the First th time that I received an award by Derrick Monasterio into a personal time for someone who has been for an ally of Lupang's, Special, because I have long been receiving movies, the Taba one of the First Division.
"IT SUWERTE: A lot," the good actress stated after she accepted the winning real trophy.
He was still a bit angry at his departure speech because he even offered her to his dead mother who he still said.
Now, she has more inspiration to make movies like she comes home.
The festival director, Director Maryo, who has been in a week in ToFarm in film fest season will be happy.
Six wins in SM Megamall will be watched.
They will start to accept payment for the next ToFarm in film fest season.
But there will be a need for Together "
