It was almost done in the school year when the residents talked to the residents of the previous Unsay and sell yes, where the military launched a case against the Islamic State.
Some of the residents are worried where they are temporarily staying for a long distance from me, the good thing that Bracadillas reports.
Jessica was carried by the first importance of ah, in the highway where the flow of the province is said to be good, and even in the province of Cotabato City and even in the province of Cotabato City and even in the province of South Cotabato City and even in the province of Cotabato City, he tried to have a close blessing that was met by the military and was met by the military.
The residents are going to continue to go to school; he / she went to the cunning; very beautiful yes, while I will fall for the T-V, the military, but also to his own clothes, as well as the pet pigs as well as his pet dog.
As they say, we are over.
Answer if there are many soldiers, that's for sure.
No matter how many people call here, there are soldiers, they do not have anything to do not to buy instead of getting caught up in the fund of our poor, sir?
We might have gunshots like that, on the chin.
A resident seems to have gone home without home, I still said.
Yes, your family.
Are you inside my wife anyone who is eating.
They are worried.
This morning, the highway is not allowed to be passed through before, which is why Arnold personally changed the road.
Just in the sleep of the soldiers, it is just right that the enemies are just about half kilos in the middle of the crossfire.
Then, it was then that he followed the gun on the rest of a hammer.
It is said that only three barangays have built a blessing from school, especially if the heat of the heat in spite of the line was in the middle of the line of evacuees who were evacuated.
A little later, he / she was on the way to sing a soldier.
Make noise.
They will still be able to do each other; that's why he / she'll take care.
As well.
Focused on.
