Buy-M: 00: 00 o'clock in the sun when we were able to give in a miracle when we had a strong earthquake, but I did not have a strong earthquake, but I was able to feel and forgive the spread of rain in the water that was really five o'clock.
It's good that the beauty does not reach three years.
Once we were able to catch up in Bulacan, they will wait for how to wake up what I know is to wake up.
We will be able to gather in the telephone where she returned to anyone in the telephone that you are going to live there, and then on you.
There will be no change in the 'Anthony yes, and I might be with someone on the other line that is said by Kuya Jerry yes, Perla administrator, all of you in the morning there.
Yes morning.
Yes, we are very confident; to be approved by the administrator of the Commission on schooling of the Americans, so why do you need to think that we are going to study again.
So first for the first for the mother-in-face of Tito Paul here in us.
Yes, what?
Bulacan, that's why we have been cut off in the plastic bags that we need to ask for a good person, sorry, a good person who has a good partner in-law.
Yes, we are very pitiful; we are the ones who go out as the most important thing.
Go to me every time when you want it to be given to Papa, that was the first time.
They have been four years old or anything but if they were caught.
You are high school who are wounded, and it's as if there are two Filipinas who seem to have 300 million pesos.
Three.
And according to it, it is still lurking.
How much.
Let us bring news that we are not good.
My aunt is prohibited with just a little bit of salary that's because he's gone.
The beat of the beating will be too much with birthcertificate (WBC) and to his aunt, he should have no initiative to go against him.
Ah, it's a salary, I arrived at the Montenero, elegant; and to five hundred pesos, no one who said when they were studying.
Let us learn from the medicine from the medicine for what I said, four Lagrao.
It will be noticed.
When we are only here?
When there is there?
That is when we are saying that we are calling us to go to Break, that's why he's going to be together for a point, that's why we are on the shirt that can be paid after being beaten-up after the three months of sleep.
Atong the former.
That is it, we have no idea; we have an important contribution; we have an important contribution; we have an important contribution; our conversation here in the morning, which is the same thing that we know, that this is the same thing that I know, you might get older, and what I know is that I am old.
Covetous, fur.
If we are only a viand of stray people now, there are many bystanders in Pandacan going out now.
It was determined that we should remember that, that I don't want to say that we don't want to say that we don't want to just make a joke that we just want to make a contest, that is why what we have long been one "Toto, which is why what we need after four years, is what we need after four days.
Yes, ah, what's just like that, I am in the same age, so we can go to the province of Bulacan here and that is where he is to supply.
What do you have a wedding and why is it that that he is an expert; we are like a patience; because this is like I am sorry for you to be one of those who have no fear now to our fellow countrymen.
Yellow, is a specialist.
That is where he applied for a second father-in-law.
He / she had five degrees east and for the radiation, it is said that Asturias, those who are going to live in the backs that they are going to live-up; and then they are going to live here in the backs that they have reached, it looks like Pad and no one with antibiotic which can be seen as PPHP.
The terminal school diploma that, as well as the driver, that is the trophy is a trophy until Santa Rosa Laguna, why are they almost done a little bit of relief on the taking of you.
Ten two teenagers were only four years old who are feared.
