
To whom is the state of by Erik Matti on July 25, 2016.

Since then in the government of Duterte, those who wrote to the Duterte government have something meaningful and is better to transfer to the Filipino language.

That is really a bad feeling for Ka Luis, or Luis Maria B. Martinez, the performance of the mill owner and the state given to the Filipino by the Orasa of the Family, Private Proedty and the state prosecutor, Frederick Santos).

It took three decades before this passed by Ka Luis of the Manila Crimea peninsula which is one of the author as Renato Constantino was also member of the filipino who became a student, and went to the ranks of the workers, and he became a member of the workers, and became his home to the ranks of the workers.

Ka Luis explained the importance of the Orasa of the Family in the turmoil that happened, according to him, "Orasa and other author which is connected to the called Maruri, which is offering a new perspective about the social gathering of society.

They are saying that our current status is not in danger when the world is not in danger, and the state of the country, "and the state of the country," and the state of the nation, and the state of the citizens, and the state of the nation and the traffic, he said, to resolve the criminality and the traffic, he said, to solve the criminality and traffic in the country, he said, to solve the criminality and traffic in the country. "

"But we will know that what they will make is the basis of what they will make in addition to the Land reform and anti-mining.

Whatever it is, Duterte needs our whole support and the strong support of the people is his only support that he will steal with the strength of Marx - Wage, Marx-Brooks, Marx-Brooks, Marx-Brooks, Marx-Broch and The wow, Lenlen.

He made the other author as for political ady of John Eaton Bernabe, Magsingal-86, 1 of Marc Babag, Windyhill, of Marc Bakar, Windyhill, in the Development of Capalibis, and free wifi.

Now he is being carried out by the Conacon of the working Class in England, it is amazing, but in 1976, I still need to understand what I am reading, but in 1976, there are also many who depend on Ka Luis, "it is still difficult for you to be taken from the filipino language, and it is already difficult for you to be lost, which is the source of rats or violations.

"I am also not sure that there will be an interest in expressing the author as" but, of course, his happiness will be completed if the participants have been printed and understood, especially the workers.
