The Council of Manila are involved in P14 billion budget?

Postmaster by Jerry Yap.
On January 24, 2017.
In opinion.

There is a saying that the cunning and corrupt leaders have a saying that it is easy to lead a group that needs to be approved.
But hopefully this is not the reason of the case filed by Manila Vice Mayor Maria Shiela "Honey" Mamondiong, against the group of majority floor leader Councilor Casimiro Sison together with the 17 councilor of Manila.
Mayor Honey filed a petition to stop the implementation of P14-billion city budget for 2017 after it was discovered that the budget of his office was lowered.

But Judge Armando Ysrael of the Manila Regional Trial Court Branch 173 will file a petition for a temporary restraining order (TRO) because of the amount of snack.

According to Agarrado, a few people are doing something, particularly the committee, particularly the committee.
The budget of other countries including the Office of the vice mayor, City Administrator Mid's Office and the council member was not given to the hearing, according to the vice mayor.

That's why he was surprised when he saw his office, "of P360 million which was allocated to the Job Fair, actual action that doesn't change, office, office, and hospitalization.
Well, that's why he did not tell the truth, so he was able to cut off his budget!
That is really a big inconvenience!
The elderly said, do not rush the kitchen at the kitchen if you do not want trouble.
One more thing is, it is not VM Lacamnesty, the presiding officer of Council?!
What became the reason why Mayor Honey has made up any bribe, I mean, "councilor!
Is it really possible that when it comes to the issue of money, it's as if someone enters and fight?
It looks like we usually smell good and early politics in the Council of Manila.
To whom will review the budget of VM Honey? In the majority floor leader?! "Who ordered to cut off it?

Anyway, hopefully, the city council thought that while they are in chaos, there are people or groups who are happy.
What is the use of a happy city council?
Maybe that will be the cause of their defeat in the next election because they do not do anything but to fight in the public funds instead of giving service to the people.
Just wait for the city council of Manila, do not be cooked!
