Our sibling: Take care of the situation of the Special Education in the country.

Being Flordeliza Espiritu was a Mahogany.

"Sister, when will you go home?"
My younger brother Yugoslavia was shouting and repeatedly asked when we talked again on the telephone this past, and when she got tired, she returned the telephone to my mother without permission from me.
The whole family was very happy when Yugoslavia was born when her color was born, he inherited her white and smooth skin of Mother.
He was three years old when the symptoms started to come out of no reason, she did not speak properly, and it seems like I didn't understand what around him., and it was as if we didn't understand what around him.
However, even if I did not think that he became a burden in my life, she is still restless when there are visitors in the house, but sometimes she is just surprised when there is visitors in the house, but sometimes I am just surprised that he will be happy and washing our clothes.
Yoyo, this past Sunday, with her smile, thought that the hope of our family will be moved through in a school, to have friends, and face sadness and happiness in life.
First step.
In the year 1999, the doctor asked his education to study the private school in Manila which was offered by the Special Education (SPED), to improve his condition, which is why when he was four years old, he was transferred by our parents from Samar, Manila.
The SPED teachers are divided on the two types of students, students, and children with disabilities, silent, and with the actual mental disorder, according to Ma'am, Miro OPLAN) chief of the department of Edukasyon (DepEd).
It is not like this to find a low tuition and orderly facilities for the Special children in the Philippines, in fact, for more than five million children in the country, more than 230,000 is the ones who are able to study the SPED teachers, according to the record of DepEd.
According to Nanay's story, they were even lost in searching for the schools near our house in Ortigas which reached up to a private school in Ortigas which reached up to a private school in Mandaluyong that was why their family was transferred to another school in Mandaluyong.
In 2004, my brother needed to go home to Samar.
Second.
From the five-year study of Yungga in the private school, he learned to mention his name, the masses, wrote a spoon, holding a spoon, and later on, built a simple sentences.
Last 2010, we put him in a public SPED center in Samar after a few months that when I once talked to Yoyo, I thought of the situation of other children who were not able to study in a better school.
For example, Yoyo, some of his teachers, suddenly came out of the classroom in order to play, my sibling is smart, disanswer when asked.
No one can be paid for 381 public SPED centers in the whole country, but cannot hide the lack of these for teachers that will focus and even equipment for every type of disability, OPLAN).
Even if you want the SPED Division of DepEd to open their service, they are still having a hard time due to the discontentanglement that the government will not meet.
According to OPLAN, although they've aligned the budget of the SPED teachers this year of P180 billion from P115 billion this 2012, it remains lacking in order to build every public SPED centers in the whole country or can be able to buy important things such as Braille writer.
In experience, it is much better for the facilities in private schools that have enough teachers, as if only those with money only have the chance to lighten up the studies of the "loved ones in life.
The last choice.
Aside from the small budget and lack of teachers and professionals, there is also the issue of appropriate training to the teachers about the right teaching and dealing with different cases of the Special children, UP Lady OSB's the Department of Heanjoe).
"What is one of the reasons for me to study the SPED teachers, because most of us are studying, most of us are studying because most of us are studying in other countries where they will still want to work in other countries where the salary is bigger.
From 2005 up to 2010, around 2,768 Filipinos are going to fly to the United States, where the teachers of the SPED teachers, according to the National Statistics Authority) Board of OPLAN), can be counted among the fingers of the Special children who are working for the public SPED centers in the whole country.
Compared to P130,000 pesos per month salary of the teachers from the US, a small amount was received by the teachers from the country on more than 1,000 pesos. "But we are convincing our students to serve the Special children here in the country," said Tantangan.
Meanwhile, the SPED Department of UP Sinc in the administration of UP prioritize having a educated barangay "for special students in the university.
"We believe that the education of the Special children in UP would be better if they will be included in a regular scholar of the country," said Dizon, but if it will be given attention by UP and the government, this is a big step that will open education in the university for all.
As a university of the country, it will serve as a good example to the initiative of UP if it will be implemented and be implemented by other institutions for education.
However it will only lead to the failure to improve the SPED teachers in the country, if the total of the total condition of the system of education is tragic, the primary condition of the government in the sector of education, it's inevitable that the SPED teachers will not be affected even just on the private school.
If you think about it, it is only a small gift to the birthday of my sibling, we are still hoping that the day we will experience is normal, and will be able to know the people like him and that he will learn and find out of the mystery of life.
