That you should remember that we are very stupid; we are not aware of how many of us are, right or not, it's still a dark band that I met before.
Yes, my father, yes, if ever they are still in the barangay yes, then by anyone.
"When will they go to Lhea right now, ah, I am here.
Fuck, deacious; what is Marvin's.
I am confused.
"They are two of them, they will send them to the barangay who, who else will you go to school, ah, you are not going to be a Ro-Ro; that might not go to a Ro-page; we will not go.
So what you are going to go to, so what you did not go there is a Ro that they went there.
Who would have told him that there are two of Mark who are both at the same age, who are the ones who are at fault; however, what else will they do with Tony, who are the ones who are at fault; and what I think is that it is my daughter-in-law, or what I think is that it is my daughter-in-law.
Let this be, you are very quiet.
Because of Imelda.
I have no idea; we are on top of you, you are holding on something, what you do not like.
Moving!
The will be received.
Yes, because she might just sit in the delicious food near that.
That's just where we will go to, we will go to school.
"Yes, we are very far from the bus that are very far from the bus that are very far; he / she didn't have been cut off; he / she didn't have been cut off; he / she was the sibling who was cut off, but he / she was cut off from me.
A kilo.
What kind of me is, happy, happy, happy why you have been cut off or anything or what do you do.
What is your voice?
"We are very proud; I have a voice; my voice is what you are using, right or what problem how you are, right?
Yes, do you know where I am ugly about what I am ugly; we have been cut off; we have been cut off, we are close to the very kind of age; we will go.
Okay, you are just seated that is not prohibited, why is it that who you are with the barangays are not allowed to go straight; we will just go directly to the barangay hall, but are you going to go directly to the barangay hall; we will just go directly to the barangay.
