Telecommunication has increased against the K-12-12.

The students were able to wake up in grade 10 of advised National High School but not for those familiar in the peak and building of their school, they are going.
Together with their teachers, the roads to be removed from the streets, to request to the trash of additional two years in the program, the impending implementation is appropriate in relation to the program being derogatory and to 12 years (K-12) of the government.
In the content of the consecutive protests against the K-12, grade 10, and the president of the Supreme Court (SSG) of advised him, this is not the one who will answer the long and deep problem in the Philippines' education.
"The poor students are the primary ones who will be affected, will shoulder the additional expenses," said Asis.
On the K-12, two new year will be spent by the students of Senior High School (Stukenbrock) after the ManduYear in grade 1 to 6), and four years of elementary school (grade 1 to 6), and four years in a junior High School (grade 7 to 10).
At the age of 15, Murillo is one of the primary gathering of opinions about the program and gather to their fellow students, teachers, parents and other sectors that are against the K-12.
Roll!
Parts of different schools and community are called by the stop K-12 Nationalist Alliance who will lead to the campaign to let the program pending to be implemented next year.
"This is the massive offensive of the parents, students and teachers, from the level of school until the highest level up to the highest level up to the highest level up to the highest level up to the highest level up to the highest level," says Louie Zabala, chairman of Manila Public School, Association (MG).
Anna Marinas, grade 10, and president of the SSG in Santa Lucia High School in Quezon City, is the lack of preparedness of their school on the issue of facilities, and the teachers.
"" The Higher Education, we are being given eageres, but how are the others?, how are the lower part needed in their studies? "According to Marinas.
It is the goal of the K-12 to make sure that the Philippines will be disciplined, which is only the only country in Asia that has a 10-year basic education program.
In spite of this, the budget is not increased for education which is at 3: 00 in the country, compared to 6.42 percent in Thailand and 5.68 percent in Malaysia.
"I myself worry for the additional expenses as parents, and they are having a hard time, then the other daily expenses will be given here is a new sacrifice for students and parents," Juver Marquez, who has two children who will hit the K-12.
In the data of Alliance of a concerned teacher (ACT), the national alliance between the teachers in the country is the national alliance between the teachers in the country, for more than 1.95 million youth who are expected to enter Sibol, 0.8 million people who are expected to go to the public Sinai and the remaining almost one million will go to private schools.

For the meantime, the "Tuwid na Daan" is set to give assistance to the parents: The government will give assistance to the government of P16,500 to P22,500 for the students who will go to the private Sibol, but there is no assurance that it will be received by everyone.
And according to Marquez, who is also a teacher in MARE High School, "the salary of our parents, the workers, and what's happening is that the ability of the citizens to get the services will be reduced.
"If the K-12 will push through, the terror in college (that will be the only way of the strengthening of our students.
An exam.
On the other hand, as early as now, the teachers already feel the danger brought about by the implementation of reform.
Teachers of elementary students are worried about the arrival of their school which was built by the Sungala.
The grocery at Elementary School in Quezon City, for example, is scheduled to be transferred to the nearby Jose Abad Santos Elementary School because the school will be held.
"
"If they really are saying that there is enough funds for the K-12, there is nothing they are looking for schools that they can buy," said a teacher from General Licuan Geronimo National High School.

They also witnessed the lack of Pilamiable and program held at the transition period of 2016 until 2020.
In the transition period, the number of students in college are going to rise, according to the initial data of Commission on Higher Education, they are in danger of losing jobs, more than 78, 318, teachers and employees of the entire country.
"We are questioning" what is the basis why they got the figures, "said ACT, representative Antonio Tinio.
It is also removed from the outline of reform the said Filipino in college and the Philippine Constitution in college will be used in college.
"Our history as one of our race and a country are being collected and no longer be compared to our youth," says Benjamin Valbuena, teacher and the national chairman of ACT party.
"The call of the students to dismiss the hardworking business that does not respond to the needs of the Philippines," said Asis.
First.
For Raymond Palerino, chairman of the Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, Metro Manila and the former representative in the legislative chamber of Liberal Party-list, a pro-foreign contacts is exposed to the K-12.
One reason in implementing programs are the students of training and ability to get higher jobs.
According to Palerino, the identification of the Intertropical Convergence Zone that resulted to the needs of making other countries - a carets in different countries - a carefulness can be given to students at the age of 18, when they are legal to work.
"During his name, the K-12, this is TESDA (High School.
"Instead of going to the cave for March, we are still going to wait for two years and then after grade 12, there are still waiting for a job in our place, how can they say that it's a call center agent, or the jobs that were not given to them where they graduated," says Mister Andres.
As a resolution, the goal of the national alliance in the city, as well as the ranks of teachers in the city, as well as in the provinces, ACT of petition that contains their complaints about the K-12 is initially passed.
It will also be led by a stop K-12% in the form of the Bangsamoro Basic Law - according to them the teachers will come from different parts of the country and will pass through thorough study.
"We will all be together, in Congress, in court, on the streets, while there is still no decision (the Supreme Court), and even if there is still a decision, we will not win as long as we do not succeed.
