The king is now closed today.
That he is working on duty in Sorsogon, maybe tired of here in the Philippines Chairman, which is why he / she would have been hesitant to talk to the Philippines because he / she was also the one who died.
It's because it's just a cold and fever that has a lot of money, which is just an ordinary person, just like that, just like a signal of New Year with us, but he is okay with just like a signal number 1; that is why the name of our fellow countrymen is just like that in Saudi; but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of our fellowmen in Saudi Arabia, but he is okay with the name of
In a board.
Also said.
That is more and not just this feast.
We are.
Insistent.
Because you will wait for someone who has mercy, you can go out.
Now, there is still no Filipinos who got hit by the disease.
But it is already being cooked here in the Philippines, he did not blow out and change especially those from the crazy four who came from it.
You know that you are really good, like that, it is over to have a fever that had a fever.
PNoy, let us wait for you to leave you.
We are going to you with someone who knows how much there is more positive and then for us to get.
And because even before the illness is still new, why is it that way?
The virus may not be quickly attacking because of it.
Because you die immediately, do you not have to pass it to others.
"This is the D's Day to wash your hands before eating nutritious food and students to avoid a direct crown before avoid talking with people from places which are positive in my birthday.
To everyone who would have a check up immediately to the doctor if you experience colds.
Of the swelling of my throat, I know that we are proud and coercion.
