
PNoy and the politicians bring guns: BIFF in the challenge of war.

February 13, 2015.

Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighter (BIFF) challenged the politicians and even President Benigno Aquino to go to Mindanao and fight in a war.

The BIFF made the statement after the hearing that the Senate and congress are doing about the Mamasapano massacre.
Last January 25, more than 300 members of the PNP-Special Action Force were attacked by the terrorist Zulkifli Bin Hir alias Marwan where they killed him.
Despite this, 44 members of SAF were killed in the incident aside from those who were wounded his personnel after an encounter with the forces of the BIFF, Moro Islamic Freedom Fighter (MILF) and other armed groups in Brgy. Tuesao, Mamasapano, Maguindanao.
In the hearing in the Senate, it was first called terrorists particularly Senator Alan Peter Cayetano, the MILF and BIFF because of the brutal murder of the police who served the warrant of arrest of Marwan.
In spite of this, BIFF Spokesman Abu Misalania said in her interview with the Philippine Daily Inquirer's released news that they are not terrorists and instead just fight for their rights.
Mama said, the troops of SAF and the government of the United States are the real terrorists because of the attack of their land.
"We Arinoli, who has been the cause of the Philippines (SAF (Special Action Force), the US government Are, the US government of the US National Are, the Philippine government of the US government," he added.
Mama still challenge the government officials, they are also weapons and went to Mindanao to fight them.
"IOS in the war, Aquino, and the other politicians, whose name, only last March to Maguindanao."
"The mission will be received, we will be able to greet the PWe will be the will make a real battle that will file a case to serve as Seal in the Movies," said Mama.
In a separate interview with Mama, he admitted that they were holding some of the things of the killed members of the SAF.
Contrary to what the MILF said for the side of the BIFF, Mama said that they have no plans to restore the guns and other things that they took from the killed police.
Yesterday in the hearing in the Senate, the MILF will attend the first time the MILF and Saint Iqbal Singh.
In his statement, Iqbal Singh that they are already separated from the BIFF.
Even though Iqbal Singh that some of their personnel are involved in the encounter in Mamasapano, he said that the MILF and the MILF continues to push the peace talks for the Mindanao.
