Take it slow in the story of By Rey Marchil on January 16, 2017.
Senior citizens are very lucky in the Philippines because they take care of the government.
First of all, because they will be given to 20 percent of benefits in some services, even in food, medicine and other planets, the old age has 60 years old and above.
But do you know that what is given to our loved ones who is senior citizens are being abused, we have said to be abused because they are only carrying their relatives, grandfather and grandmother to pay the nearest grocery or gift.
Of course, because they are together with grandfather and grandmother, they will buy a story, especially with gifts.
One thing I noticed that senior citizen card is being abused by a senior citizen card, a famous architect of donado companies that will be collected and appointed in a corner of the Philippines, there is no line.
That is why this is one of the favorite buy of gifts using the fare card.
How can't be sure, it is a huge amount of story that they give, not just like a few hours, gay or other markets, which is limited to the senior citizen's statements that is only right because this is the law's statement.
I do not want to be good but the company company might be pitiful because when it comes to the sun, they closed the very large amount being given to the seniors who are usually used by children, grandchildren or other relatives.
In the moment, some of our fellowmen lost their jobs because of the abuses done by some of our countrymen.
That's why hopefully, it can be seen by some of the companies walk in order to correct, or if not, implement a little restriction for the welfare of the future of their personnel.
I want to give emphasis that we are not against the benefits that we cannot stomach; but the abuse of some of these benefits that should be just for the needs of our grandfather and grandmother, mother and father.
After all, it is very hard to convince those who are taking advantage of our senior citizens, it is better to act on the companies.
Give the story for the right thing but make sure that they will be recognized in the requested story because if there are opportunist relatives of our seniors to use the senior citizen card, they do not care about the elderly people who are asking for stories when this is the statement of our law.
Our call, use the benefits given by the government, do not take advantage of it because there will be something that will be hit.
Always remember, "I am a child," I am in my opinion. "
