we are back -- we are back .
after getting that history inside I hope you have gotten the details about our today's topic .
old man at the back can you explain to me from what you heard in the past what you heard that changed your view and gave you more understanding about this whole system from analogue to digital ?
first of all with analogue we had -- we had no expenditures .
and going digital has the meaning that we have -- we have improved .
we have -- we have -- we have moved due to the changes in technology .
we have gotten to the era of digital use .
it's true .
but this has caused because it has caused trouble it has caused certain effects to the Tanzanians because people used to use it freely .
and now they are using expenses to pay monthly .
that is something I have found .
okay in that analogue system it was a must for machines to be put -- different machines to be put in one place so as to enable people staying in these areas to access television .
but in this digital system we use like what this brother said in the beginning we use satellite .
where this is satellite which will have a huge capability being that it can give you a huge sharing capability from province to province .
<no-speech>
now -- you can see that due to this and this perspective .
because even in the villages they were unable to get -- our colleagues were not able to watch T_V due to these old machines .
due to this you can see that there was need to move from analogue to digital ?
brother I can see that you do agree with me that there was need .
from the fact that it is a more worldly thing and Tanzania being one of the countries in this world they are forced to move from analogue to digital .
there was no other way .
but in that I think in my mind that it has benefits and its own shortcomings too .
because during the analogue period .
it's only a few channels which are visible to Tanzanians .
but after the digital one coming in there are now a lot more .
as I can truly see it has helped us very much on one side in that even when I am at home there are programs that I can decide to watch or put for the children which can educate them .
but on the second side those broadcasters of those programs .
for sure it is problematic watching some programs .
especially for us Tanzanian who are still waking up from this sleep .
but its benefits -- its big benefits is that it has simplified communication .
it has made the world a village .
at the moment we can know which things are taking place in our colleagues' countries .
which steps have they made ?
and we are required to look at where we are and and we are required to look at where we are and where we are required to reach ?
it is a principle thing .
but if you also check ethically we Tanzanians have our traditions that we do -- it's true -- but you see children changing due to some of the channels you see them watching .
it becomes the Tanzania that was over the years .
it is said that since this -- since we went digital nine million people in Tanzania have stopped watching television .
for what reasons do you think -- the major reasons they have stopped watching television ?
I turn a little bit back where have the statistics for the nine million people come from ?
<no-speech>
I remember going to Songea last year .
I went about three to four years ago and other than that there is no television .
I have gone to Songea and every house has a joint .
there is no cell phone communication unless you go to the hills .
but everyone has a T_V that is turned on as wished .
now I don't know -- I am not sure of this -- from this research I don't have -- I don't know how the research was done ?
(()) at first there was nothing like this -- provinces are getting the know-how and I wanted to talk about this issue then now this happened a photo appeared and my son might see someone kissing his companion .
if he sees the father watching he hides first for it to pass .
the truth should now come to the things - that's the setting .
that you check those photos that are aired to children when you're available .
the (()) you've said my brother is where something presses it and now it appears while you're all there .
there appears on the screen someone who -- who has stripped -- what you're saying is true .
that is the reason T_C_R_A got so much worried about the content which will be aired through these channels and through this digital system -- yes -- do you see that ?
therefore this worry is not just on you .
but then has this system brought about content ?
that is the question .
it has brought content that is needed to the villages .
what I can say is that it has of course brought content .
but to the modern generation that is the old generation as it grows -- as it grows it is becoming a to hard to control .
that is the meaning you will find on we have come to -- we have moved from analogue and entered digital .
we have woken up from slumber as you will find boys -- a very young child can control and operate it properly than his father .
it therefore becomes very hard to be able to control him on the channels he shouldn't watch .
you will find a father telling their child please help me on this thing how do I open it ?
you will see -- you will fully see children now -- that is they are modernized to a point that their parents are unable to know how they can control them personally (()) to say in that if you do this this will happen .
I don't know then come and check me over here .
yes mother my friends are also doing this -- they are doing that .
I (()) even check .
therefore I will not be able to but if asked -- I think things have become more open after this digital thing came in .
everything %incomplete
and I don't know I'm not very sure if T_C_R_A are the ones in charge of overseeing telephone reports .
because it's very surprising to -- to manage the T_V issue and then leave the telephones open .
because a student in school has the ability to look at any picture he wishes to in the world .
of any type should it be bad or good and they are mostly bad .
because there are those who have modern phones at the moment .
therefore I think if they are the ones involved in also overseeing then they should also check the telephone side .
because there are bigger effects in phones than on the T_V .
it is programs here .
putting channels in groups .
like the children ones .
these are required for children and families .
these ones are for the father and mother .
that is there should be groups which -- you should block then .
so every time you're where someone's burning you'll find yourself checking out things .
if you come to that place you'll also be forced to get out .
run .
that is you shouldn't check and go away or get inside -- therefore you should check programs and allow certain types for a certain duration I think something like that .
you know if a child discovers there's something you're hiding from him that is father is hiding something he must look for it .
the truth is that the basic thing is being able to educate them .
at the moment Tanzania has become one of the countries that has grown in technology .
it is educating the youth -- the children that these certain things are bad and good .
he will know from how you're educating him .
but if you hide it he will know that father is hiding something .
what is going on here ?
there are people who will just hide .
they are keen that ahh mother I don't know why I was watching this thing right now and it's not -- he doesn't want to watch a certain part .
as you heard from our delegates for the day we have talked about many issues from their perspectives .
but what stands out seems to be that education has not been sufficient specifically in relation to this whole digital system .
I don't know if it's a draw ?
yes it is .
there is need for education to be given to control some of the things being screened on our T_Vs .
yes indeed .
especially to the children .
I remember in the past this was development .
in the past if you put a song on in a rental house as a tenant the rent would go up .
but currently everyone puts on songs .
they should remember us in the villages and bring this awakening to the house of darkness .
and those watching should also remember if they want to give their opinions they also should visit out Facebook page .
so that they are able to give their opinions on topics such as this and other top topics .
they even get maps there .
you will know tomorrow where we're leaving to .
so that you can go to the bus stage and stand there .
we will pick you from there .
it's very true Maasai .
for now let's drop people off as we return and we will start with our second topic for the day .
stay glued do not move .
does spewing slanderous and sarcastic words by the man to a woman because of rejection help in reducing the hurt ?
as men I remove myself from there (()) I am a man who perseveres I can't say that (()) .
have we ever seen such things happening in our families ?
is there anyone who has ever witnessed ?
yes that is true it happens when you get into a relationship with someone and then disappears then you must give them a few words here and there .
here and there ?
yes .
tell her but at first you took her for a nice person -- at first you took her for a nice person -- you're also changing after she changed on you -- I change on her too -- a bigger percentage of us men become very hurtful for example if a man happens to walk into a woman -- the wife he will make noise and there will be unmanageable chaos .
if a woman happens to walk into her husband then you will hear her saying so-and-so's dad let's leave .
they will go handle the case at home and close it .
but a man can't handle it easily .
I mean really it will be total chaos .
it helps us because just include me %incomplete
even though I have never done that you know .
it helps us in reducing the pain .
why doesn't it help ?
when you consider your ego as a man .
it doesn't need the person to lower the problem my friend .
especially as a man this particular line is what teaches you my friend .
you might find yourself doing something that you are not aware of .
but girls sometimes have a negative perception that -- he's looking at the bad one -- he's looking at the bad one do you really love her ?
don't you want to be with her .
but she replies to you that it's not the case .
I mean you've really tried not to fail and then give her a negative implication -- at that point everyone has made their own different interpretation that as you tell the girl that you love her the guy expects the girl to say yes or get a wise response for the moment .
but for the guys where you have feelings for a girl and tells you she loves you it shouldn't be contentious .
but it depends on how much prepared a man himself was prepared .
perhaps he was expecting a response that is the response that he expected to get .
now if you give him a bad answer he will start saying do you think you are the only one ?
now if I come to you it means that I have loved you .
now it starts -- he starts spewing hurting words to a point that angers you .
does this situation happen in a certain environment or can it happen anywhere you meet ?
<no-speech>
your honor in the middle there .
this is what I can say -- this looks into the times because in the past if a guy wanted a fellow lady .
it can take a lot of time .
they could be in the process for even a year .
but as things are at the moment what they call democracy in love is not there .
perseverance -- perseverance is absent .
that someone wants something at that time and gets it at the very same time .
to an old person you will first find that -- like I was often told by my grandfather really he didn't find a wife first what he went to do first was a job .
<no-speech>
he would work until he takes her .
I need this and this and they would send the elders .
now rejection was hard when they sent the elders because of that .
we're currently at the bus stage here .
the heart can change and say my sister this and that .
now you're whole mind has changed with your brains .
now you should expect a response in rejection .
you have aimed for a response in acceptance .
now when the shocker come ahh that's impossible .
<no-speech>
my friend -- you are not worth I knew you will spoil it I mean you start saying shocking things -- shocking ?
but since he drilled it .
