Shekifu do you remember Ole Sendeka's?
May 15, 2014
the other day here in parliament several members of parliament got the opportunity to contribute to the budget speech by the Office of the Prime Minister.
everyone who got the opportunity to contribute to the debate said what they wanted to say.
among those who got the chance is Member of Parliament Henry Shekifu, who proclaimed that he was as well also the Chairman of the ruling party in Tanga district.
unsurprisingly, Shekifu has been able to hold elective posts here and there within this country that has no clear selection criteria.
in his contribution, it is as if Shekifu had prepared to attack Korogwe District Commissioner, Mrisho Gambo and he took advantage of the budget of the Office of the Prime Minister to carry out attacks.
what offended Shekfu is the decision by the Korogwe District Commissioner in January this year ordering the detention of Aweso Kipaku (34) the Councilor for Mswaha-Darajani Ward, Mombo Division of Korogwe District, Tanga Province (CCM).
the District Commissioner ordered the Councilor's detention on January 24 this year at 5 pm in the evening and got bail at ten o'clock at night.
it was not only the Councilor but also his fellow colleagues who are, the Chief Executive Officer for Mswaha-Darajani village, Abbas Siafu and the Chairman of the village Council of Dharjan village, Said Kijiwa.
they were detained because of the accusations against them by the Committee on Security and Protection of Korogwe District, that they had participated in inciting the conflict between farmers and herders in Mswaha-Darajani village.
it is not possible to use this opportunity to discuss accurately or vice versa about the District Commissioner's decision, but it is to remind Shekifu a bit about the era when he was the Manyara Provincial Commissioner.
because in his contribution on the budget of the Office of the Prime Minister, Shekifu boasted that he has been a Provincial Commissioner and his did that work professionally without interfering with 'stakeholders', without 'detaining' them.
it is because of that, things cannot be left as they are, Shekifu must reminded of how he had tasted the wine of provincial supremacy, how he was undecided and wavering until he found himself at odds with Simanjiro Member of Parliament, Christopher ole Sendeka.
that's why, the same Shekifu 'wine' of power became too sweet and he began playing politics here and there while he went on with farming activities in the province which he led, land disputes erupted while he sat on the provincial administration seat.
it was as if the provincial administrator at that time tumbled into in a "war" of mutual mutual disrespect with Sendeka and publicly, to the extent that the incident of their hostility 'hit' the news headlines.
if he has forgotten, then without doubt he will remember the incident of him and Sendeka fighting at the internal session for government official of the Sukuro and Kitiangare villages right there in Simanjiro within Manyara Province where he was in charge.
he will clearly recall how he used the "wine" of power to order the expulsion of one Member of Parliament of the Sukuro County Government just because the member is claimed to clapped in support of a point raised by another Member of Parliament that, the ranch project being debated upon was not in the interest of the people of those villages.
without doubt Shekifu can remember that the agenda of that session is the demarcation of the new village of Kitiangare and the setting aside of a sum of 45,000 acres of land from six villages for the implementation of the ranch project that was being implemented by the Ilramatak-Lorkoroney organization.
