Martin Madekwe: construction of affordable housing is a major challenge May 24, 2012
National Housing Corporation (NHC) is among the few public organizations and old remaining in the country, having been providing services since the early years of Tanganyika independence.
in this article, NHC General Director, Martin Madekwe, answers questions about the organization and its challenges, as our author, Aristariko Konga reports.
question: what is the origin of the National Housing Corporation (NHC)?
answer: the origin of the National Housing Corporation (NHC), which was established in 1962, just one year after our independence, was to help access affordable housing, especially in urban areas.
that is why immediately after the Government's established the corporation, at the time, it provided funding to the Organization to enable it to build as many houses as possible.
using the subsidy, the corporation could perform slum clearance, especially in Dar es Salaam and build concrete houses and roof them using iron sheets.
thus were constructed the houses of Ilala, Magomeni, Mwananyamala and others.
similar construction was also spread throughout all regions and districts.
however, this trend changed over the eighty's due to economic change, where the government stopped funding the corporation.
following the move, the corporation was obliged to invest its own revenue, which was largely from taxation.
and by 1990 the government found it wise to strengthen the National House Corporation by joining it to the House Registrar, a corporation created in 1971 for managing finalized houses.
that is how the current National Housing Corporation was instituted at Law Number 2 of the 1990s.
the corporation's goals have remained the same - building or facilitating the construction of a proper residential and commercial houses.
however, due to lack of funding like in the past, the corporation is now self-reliant on business grounds.
question: what is the difference between the NHC in the past, when the economy is regulated by the government and this era of economic independence and globalization?
answer: as mentioned above, the corporation was receiving subsidies from the government.
currently, at this time of economic independence, the corporation is no longer subsidized.
so, right now it is obliged to run by following all the business principles that are governed by market power.
an example here is rent from the corporation houses.
in the past, the rent was very low due to government subsidies.
we are now obliged to increase rent rates to suit market change.
the goal is to get money to pay for the operation, maintenance of the relevant houses, build new houses together with paying taxes to the government.
question: which organization in the housing industry are your main competitors, who probably deprive you of sleep?
answer: we do not have competitors who deprive us of sleep.
all those emerging like PPF, NSSF and others, count them as our partners in our efforts to increase residential and commercial housing in the country.
this is due to the fact that housing demand in the country is very serious.
National Housing Corporation alone cannot satisfy.
the organization would like to see the private sector really contributing to real estate developers to build houses.
it is in this way that we can reduce the high shortage of housing in the country.
the corporation would like to see more competition in the housing sector.
competition increases efficiency, increases productivity and thus manages housing shortages.
competition brings challenges to each other to do the best work.
question: recently there have been calls for organizations to build affordable houses for the benefit of ordinary citizens.
what does NHC do about it?
answer: these actions exist.
these are legitimate legal actions and the corporation is very eager to respond to these actions.
construction of affordable houses requires funding for cheap interest or subsidies be available.
in recent years the corporation is building either for its own capital or loan.
corporation's capital is very limited.
house rent is very low.
the rent is used for maintenance and operation activities of the corporation.
remaining extra amount after taxation of the income and shareholder's share (the Government) is the remainder of which is directed to construction.
commercially you will have to build houses that will be able to repay your expenses.
bank loans have great interest.
if you are building on loan you will need to sell the houses at a great price.
in addition, the cost of purchasing construction materials is great.
in order to build affordable houses it is necessary for the corporation to be enabled.
affordable funds be available, the corporation be enabled to borrow at cheap interest or receive subsidies from the government as it was in the 1960s and 1970s.
the corporation or anyone building low-cost houses be enabled to purchase affordable construction materials.
this includes removing Value Added Tax (VAT) on building materials and other incentives.
building squares be available in bulk, with structural designs.
roads be built by the respective municipalities, which when the houses are completed they get property tax.
water be taken to the construction sites and by relevant institutions.
electricity should be provided as well by relevant institutions because at the end of the day they will benefit from the payment of those services.
if all this happens, the corporation or any other builder can build affordable houses.
question: what challenges do you face as a corporation?
answer: one major challenge is building many houses to reduce housing problems, and in particular building affordable housing for ordinary people.
the corporation also has to sell or rent its houses at low costs.
but as noted above, the corporation is buying construction materials in the same market with other homeowners.
another challenge is the renovation of its houses.
for many years the corporation failed to build its houses due to small income generated by the rent of its houses being very low.
question: what would you like to tell your tenants or customers?
answer: fulfill their responsibility by paying their rent in accordance with their renting agreements.
in addition, work hard to take care of the houses they live in and their surroundings.
tenants should understand that they have been lucky to get the corporate's houses.
most citizens need these houses.
so, they must pay their rent fully so that the corporation can renovate the houses they live in and build others so that other Tanzanians can also get the corporate's houses.
question: many public organizations, either they are struggling economically or have died completely.
how did NHC come where you are and kept alive?
answer: we have come here we are as a result of good cooperation between the Ministry, Board, corporate's leadership and staff.
in addition, we have had good plans, in terms of the use of our resources, namely staff (human resources) and our houses.
we have been able to make the existing repairs, and we have also been able to build other houses, either in our currency or in venturing with other investors.
in terms of human resources, we have encouraged all employees to convince them that the corporation is in line with their lives.
so, they are very dedicated to work.
question: how many houses does NHC have and how many tenants are there all over the country today?
answer: NHC owns 2231 buildings with 15,967 tenants.
question: what action do you take against tenants and your resistant creditors?
answer: we are removing them from the houses in accordance with Parliament Act Number 11 of 2005, which states that a tenant who may not pay his or her debt within 30 days after being notified, then he is charged with court proceedings.
he will also give him a 14-day notice.
after that he will be removed from the house and his items will be auctioned to cover the debt claimed.
this law has greatly helped the corporation to collect its house's rent and thus increase its income.
question: take this opportunity to explain some things that you think Tanzanian public should know about NHC.
answer: NHC is a public institution, which was established with a view to helping solve the issue of housing in the country.
we will continue to fulfill our responsibility according to our ability.
currently, big effort is made to make repairs in our homes.
many cities have begun appealing.
we are building houses for sale and renting.
however, the direction of the corporation is now more focused on the construction houses for sale.
the corporation believes it will succeed in the construction of new houses after two key rules in the housing sector were approved recently by Parliament.
these laws apply to mortgage loans, namely mortgage financing (Special Provisions Act Number 2 of 2008).
this law will allow more people to borrow money from banks to buy a house.
with many buyers, the corporation will also be assured of the housing market that it builds.
in addition, the second "Unit Tittle" law will also allow the citizens to buy a piece of housing in large buildings.
the buyer will obtain a title deed for the section purchased and thus be in a position to use it as a guarantee to obtain loans from banks.
the corporation is strong in building apartment buildings and thus sells houses in bulk.
thus, the direction of the corporation is good, it will continue to grow by building many houses for sale and enabling more citizens to have their own houses.
NHC Director General's profile, Martin Ginedi Madekwe Martin Madekwe, was born on April 12, 1948.
married.
he received his secondary education from form one to four at Umbwe Secondary School and graduated in 1966.
he joined form five and six at Shinyanga Secondary School and graduated in 1968.
from October 1969 until 1972 he took the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors course part II, before studying the Estate Management Diploma at Willsden Technology College, London, between 1972 and 1976.
in 1981 he attended his studies at Bowcentrum House Studies Center, Netherlands, taking on Postgraduate Studies in Housing, Buildings and Planning.
in 1985 to 1986 he took Postgraduate studies in MIT, Boston, USA, focusing further on Real Estate Development, Housing Policies and General Management.
his work experience: in 1976 until 1978 he had the title of Estate Officer Grade II-Registrar of Buildings, before he was given the title of Estate Officer Grade I he had from 1978 to 1979.
in 1979 to 1980 he had the title of Estate Manager, as well as head of the Department of Real Estate.
in 1980 to 1984 he was the head of the Department of Planning and Architectural Unit and in 1985 until 1987 he was appointed the Registrar of Real Estate.
in 1988 to 1990 he was the Registrar of Real Estate before he was given title of General Manager of Tanzania Concrete Articles.
in 1998 to 2002 he had title of the Director of Property Development before he received his current NHC Directorate position from 2002.
