(()) .
<no-speech>
the true situation is that the harvest wasn't good .
I'm saying it wasn't good because I mean on only one acre one was able to get from ten kilos that is fifty kilos at most .
but when they started the research because the research started in the beginning in Mwanza since the year ninety five the cotton research was here .
I was (()) inside two years that means it is now nineteen years .
for example if you look at the twenty first you can find from thirty to forty bundles .
as opposed from going to the farmer where you'll closely find that maybe twenty one and one or two bundles .
many have come to ask the farmers here who is involved with the research in that what are you doing to a point you come to produce such an amount of cotton I mean and get so many bundles ?
what is happening is that they give them instructions that what is happening is that we plant the cotton using special measurements of fertilizer which -- I mean we plant professionally in general because we plant using fertilizer -- we use fertilizer while planting and then we still grow them using the fertilizer .
and the measurements are a must because farmers usually -- they plant traditionally using their own measurements which they are used to .
but they have been here since the beginning and until now they plant using the measurements because from one line to another is ninety centimeters and then twenty by twenty becomes forty centimeters .
the climatic condition has contributed a little sun the time of preserving the fruits .
yes there was sun .
and later on during the time for spraying the pesticide there were more pests than usual .
at the center of those cotton bundles because you'll find more pests immersed further because pests come in different types .
when you spray pesticides to kill maggots some other pests get in again .
the effort we made is that we just discovered a way to spray the pesticides to control the pests .
the pesticides where you can got up to two weeks and if forced we spray weekly .
to control those destructive pests .
the research people are helping us on how to get advice .
a way of controlling the destroyers of cotton and the way of guarding the cotton farm and et cetera .
the problem that arose after planting the seed that was brought to us with its feathers nipped off after planting was that it never germinated .
we had to repeat again but it still didn't germinate .
we were forced to just keep repeating and that's the reason you can see a huge area on which the cotton didn't germinate .
the ones given to us by the researchers -- the ones given to us by the researchers are just a little .
the ones we plant are the ones that we get from the foundation unions .
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
the research happening to obtain a seed that will bring produce to the cotton farmer didn't start today .
not at all .
there are farming classes in various areas so as to test the seed's viability in withstanding diseases and famine .
Jojiabu Chokundi clearly explains how that seed can be accessed .
<no-speech>
a seed that does well will usually do well in all areas .
you'll find that in Ukiriguru the weight is heavy and if we come to (()) we will get a heavy weight .
and even in the areas prone to pests and diseases the weight will still be heavy yes therefore we will directly say that it has performed well in all areas .
on the issue of pests -- when we conduct research we will find one which will persevere even if there are attacks .
it can give a certain amount of yield .
but also on the issue of pests there are pesticides .
pesticides that are used to kill pests .
but even in areas prone to huge attacks will still do well .
we are expecting that we will get good harvest because the seed is now good after partnering with farmers themselves to see that it does well and we expect that after this we will be able to release seeds in that for this year we have gotten a seed which has done well for three seasons .
it can be productive because .
