when the boxer gloves become heavy!
May 22nd, 2012
when boxers get into the fighting ring they put on gloves that fit their weight, and normally the boxers challenging one another must have the same weight or their weight measures need to be close.
principles and different guidelines other than the weight, are the referees who are tasked with making decisions as the match continues.
the referee is always in the ring.
thirdly, there are judges sitting at the edge of the ring.
the judges' task is to award the boxer who strikes his competitor on the permitted areas, most notably key points are awarded when a boxer hits the opponent on the face or on the forehead region.
these points, if one of them is not beaten by the so-called "knock-out" strikes, are included to determine the winner.
however, there are some unofficial referees.
the unofficial referees have the same authority as the official referee in the ring.
the unofficial referees are two: one on the red corner and the other one on the blue corner.
in the red corner, we have the coach, assistant coaches and other specialists as well as one of the competing boxers.
likewise, in the blue corner we have the coach, the assistant coaches and other experts as well as one of the boxers.
the unofficial referees are also mandated to give decisions as the match progresses.
their decision can end the match without the official referee's consent.
for example, when the referee on one corner notices that the boxer has been overpowered by the opponent, he throws the towel into the ring and the referee stops the match immediately.
victory goes to the opponent.
an official referee can also save the boxer, but this decision is reached at when the referee sees that one of the boxers has been overpowered in the sense that he cannot stage any defense towards his opponent or the boxer is not in a position to fight against the opponent.
the rules and regulations in the game of boxing make me enjoy the sport, especially when we get to know that your corner can save you from receiving a beating.
founding father of the nation, Mwalimu Julius Nyerere, I think in 1997, when he contributed to the topic of globalization by government officials, in Dodoma, explained that when the rich countries stress on globalization without provisions to help developing countries, is looking down on the poor countries.
he said doing so could be compared to Nyerere participating in a boxing match with Mike Tyson, where the obvious result will be a knock out victory in favor of Tyson!
during that period of the late 1990s, Mike Tyson was the world's heavyweight boxing champion.
many of his opponents in that period were easily knocked out in the first stages of the match.
Mike Tyson often delivered the knock out punch to his opponents before the fourth of the 12 rounds to be played so that the match could be easily end and the judges would add up the points to declare the winner.
the aim of this article was not to discuss the rules and regulations of the sport of boxing, but to use this game for the purpose of understanding the main motive.
this is, in my opinion, that the game of politics is equally exciting and attractive to the audience as the game of boxing!
all games, politics and boxing are enjoyable.
however, in the game of politics, when one is overwhelmed and begins wavering around in the party (your camp), especially in African politics, you will not be rescued from the predicament.
the main goal is to be saved by the opponents camp or party for that matter.
if you stumble and get saved by your opponents towel, then it vividly shows that you joined politics for selfish reasons and you don't have the interests of the people whom you represent at heart.
in a fantasy language, it's just like getting into the politics ring but the gloves you've got are not fitting you well and you are in line to receive the knock out punch.
the gullible behavior is a trait seen in people who do not have the sincere ideology of their faith in promoting the development of majority of the citizens.
another characteristic in African politics is the female politicians, who are many in number, but do not know how to choose a competitor to go against.
it's obvious if you choose to fight with the rich, expect a knock out punch, especially if your heart was not well prepared on the ideology that you firmly believed in which propelled you into thinking that you were ready to defend the rights of the majority.
we have heard, in our own case, politicians say without fear that some of our targeted investors will sign up contracts within the hotel and abroad.
but before the sun has set, the same politicians say: "Tanzanians, be ready to buy stocks from of the countries of the investors who were accused of condemning our leaders to make hotel deals!
we expect 80 percent of Tanzanians to receive help in fighting poverty among those living in rural areas with great distress - their health is poor, majority of their children do not have desks thus they learn while sited on the floor and their hand hoe farming does not give them ability to eat and spare.
today we are sending an alarm and announcing: my brothers, let us invest in buying shares from the mining companies in the country!
do they really know what company shares are?
or are we just talking to the rich who live in the city, especially the city of Dar es Salaam?
we could help these rural Tanzanians by encouraging them that after the harvest season, percentage of the sales revenue should be directed towards getting into a contract with rural shops so as to expand the capital market in the rural areas.
law enforcement agencies can help them write such contracts for a little fee.
we are not speaking of corporate agreements, the meaning is different, and we do not target the SACCOS, but the contract allows a person to be given a percentage of shares as part of his capital.
they might not be many people.
but with a contract that is well clear and the sales records are well documented, they will clearly know how much the profit is and now the sharing will be done based on each person's capital.
people like this can slowly grow in stature and eventually afford to buy work machines such as tractors which will open up employment to others.
for that reason, the rural residents are in turn amassing their wealth slowly and steadily.
but motivating such citizens to buy shares sold in dollars from foreign owned companies, isn't politics that brings development of many voters, rather it's politics of self-seeking for fame on television, newspapers, and radio.
if there are such politicians, they should be called leather sandals because they are here nor there. (flip - flop).
the term staggering in politics is widely used in the election campaigns in those countries that practice the type of politics where they compete on ideologies, policies and planning on how to manage key issues.
for example, in 2001, I saw on CNN television, a report of the debate by aspiring politicians for the Prime Minister's seat in Australia.
in the debate, the the Liberal Party's candidate, John Howard, spent much time accusing his opponent, saying that Kim Beasley party was unfit to lead the country because he is known to flip-flop.
the issue that was used by Mister Howard to accuse his opponent of being a flip-flop like a sandal concerned how to deal with refugees.
while continuing with the campaign, a ship was seized while in the high seas with approximately 200 refugees from the country of Afghanistan.
before the ship was seized, it experienced problems and the lives of people were put at a risk.
those problems are what caused the ship's captains to ask for assistance, that caused their arrest.
without that problem, they wanted to sneak in silently.
Mister Howard stood firm on the point that even though the ship encountered difficulties, they would not be allowed to step into the country because they were entering into the country illegally.
so, he wanted them to be sent back to their country.
his opponent said that because they experienced problems, for humanity's sake be allowed to enter Australia and taken to the refugees camps and each one of them to be individually investigated rather than judging them as a group.
Mister Howard got a chance to use his opponent's response as being too lenient and a flip-flop, because the law of the country states that illegal refugees should not be allowed to enter.
in the election, Mister Howard got a big victory in what we the Tanzanians call a landslide victory.
he said he would win, but the victory over the nation has come from many of his countrymen to see him with a solid stand for managing basic issues.
for our colleagues, a sophisticated politician has no chance.
the issue that the politicians of our poorest countries have is, in some cases, the same as the gluttony of the collision, is a disappointing answer.
I do not remember exactly what year exactly, but between 2001 and 2003, a politician said some of the contents of the election campaign that gave them the victory would not be implemented.
to our colleagues where the slightest slip of the tongue may cost them victory, the feedback that some of the issues you advocated for during campaigns cannot be implemented is same as saying you have given yourselves slime chances of winning in the next election or you may be restrained until you resign even before the election.
our colleagues' answers are constructive.
if there was any issue in the case with the candidate that at the time it was not implemented, the response to the people is to say that the issue is now being deferred and we will initiate or address it after three years.
after three years, it is probable that the elections would have been done and you may have won or failed, and thus find time to again reflect on an alternative policy to what you said cannot be implemented.
for example, I have read online that the current Australian government has entered into power and one of its main policies was to handle, getting into power, to reduce the impact of rising gas emissions from industrial.
they promised that even if other developed countries have failed to reduce global climate change problems, especially in the warming of industrialized countries by providing high-speed air conditioning, they (Australia) will give industries to meet standards.
and Australia will be a model and other developed countries in this regard.
however, the government, being polluted, has said that the policy will not be implemented at the moment unless it is postponed until three years.
before concluding this article, let's look at the blueprint saying you do not wear the shoe you do not know what it's like.
if you are not a politician why are you discussing politics?
many Tanzanian politicians have a very good answer to such a question.
their answer is: leave politics to us, or if you want, then join the arena we contest!
it is true that African politics do not know what they are like, how to distinguish between the poor and the poor in the rural areas against the few rich and foreign investors.
and let's finish this article by looking at what we learned.
the main issue is to keep off politics for personal goals, especially for the purposes of self-enrichment.
this is what we have compared to wearing gloves that fit the weight of your ideology and what you want majority of the citizens to devote and contribute towards their development and the country at large.
secondly, we have learned that when we become politicians we shouldn't be flip-flops like leather sandals.
thirdly, we as the politicians we should not respond to questions for the sake of it or sentiments that reduce the excitement of the people.
responsibilities like this policy or this issue will not be implemented in the future.
reader, reflect!
