the street traders and government's conflict is breeding in Mwanza.
August 11th, 2016.
with Christopher Gamaina
Mwanza
there is every sign of an eruption of another big conflict between the street traders and the government if the offices of the provincial head, district and Mwanza city will continue not involving the traders in the plan to remove them from the city center, it has been revealed.
the office of the city council's director has already written a letter to the mayor to notify him that it intends to move the street traders from August 20th this year, under the close supervision of the Mwanza provincial head and Nyamagana district offices.
the letter, witnessed by Good Citizen specifies that the leadership of Mwanza city council is expecting to use 200 million shillings to effect the activities to remove the street traders from the city center to the side areas that are in Mirongo Community Center and Sinai Mabatini.
the street traders being affected by that move believed to be a legal order by the Mwanza provincial head John Mongella and the Nyamagana district head Mary Tesha, are the ones trading in Makoroboi, Sahara and Tanganyika stand areas.
for now, the office of the city council's director recognizes those areas as unofficial for street traders activities, therefore the procedure to move them will be executed quickly by using police officers, the military and various officers of the city.
the letter from the Acting Director of the City Council Hosiana Kusiga to the city's Mayor James Bwire insists that, the plan to move those street traders is an execution of the law and regulations of city operations in Tanzania as follows:
the local government rules for the city authorities on cities' operations of the year 2008, the by-laws on the environmental sanitation of Mwanza city of the year 2010, the law on the city outlook planning number 8/2007 and the environmental law number 25/1972.
street traders complain
the street traders' leaders have denied receiving the report on being moved on August 20th this year saying they are also hearing of it from other people in the streets, therefore they are not working on it.
I have no information whatsoever, it's just superficial information.
"we have not been involved in that and I have no official report from the city director," said the chairman of the street traders union Mwanza province, Matondo Masanja, during an interview with Raia Mwema here in the city, towards the end of last week.
he added that his assistants and himself were advised that there was a sitting for provincial, district and city leaders discussing the issues of street traders at the city hall last Friday, but they were blocked from going in when they followed up to find out what was going on.
however, it is alleged that the mediation of relocating the street traders was not arrived at during the meeting, it was therefore postponed to last Tuesday for measures to bless the implementation of the program.
secretary general of Shiuma Venatusi Anatori, said he had no official information about the issue, but he had started working together with other officials to follow up on the matter from the respective office.
"we are planning for the purpose of following up on the report with the city's director, because our members (street traders) have begun asking us about the transfer but we still have no answer," said Anatori and added:
"we (union and the street traders) are not opposed to be moved and what they want to do without involving us is cruel.
we knew that those who were being moved were street traders, but those are others are just hearsay, we won't act on them.
on the other side, the union leaders and other traders who spoke to this newspaper have questioned the reasons for wanting to suddenly remove them from the areas handed to them by the Mwanza city council without even involving them.
they have also complained about the move by every leader transferred to the city here, to start looking at their activities with so much force that they claim is weakening them in earnings as a result of being moved to the side areas that are not accessible to many customers.
the director speaks
when asked about that issue, the Mwanza city council's director Kiomoni Kibamba said that decision to move the street traders is a valid order by the head of Nyamagana district and that the records in his office show that those traders were involved in the planning.
"I am on a journey but I have been told that there were sittings concerning the matter and the street traders were involved, that is a valid order by the district head, the rest of us are implementers," said Kibamba over the telephone.
additionally, he said that the other reports he has are that some of the street traders required to be moved had been allocated space at the Mirongo Community Center and Sinai Mabatini areas in the previous years, but they later on sold them and returned to the city center.
they (street traders) should agree to the change to move to the new areas, the customers will follow them there.
"what I understand is that they have been involved even in the sittings of the council of councilors of the Mwanza city council," insisted the director who was recently handed the authority.
