all this time you're hustling to look for something to hold onto .
there are times or periods for giving up .
duh mister this life is very hard I mean I am not even coming out .
it gets to a point of giving up but you know mister and then if you are greedy and -- the greed itself because you can meet someone else who is young with a kind of life where you ask yourself what could be happening .
<no-speech>
but it's in persevering and being responsible .
and then some of us come from poor families therefore it is just hard to manage .
<no-speech>
you must seek forcefully you must struggle .
yes because you'll feel tired with the family itself .
you know it's better to have a little for oneself and their parents for them to be well .
and start saying ahh old man these for construction why don't you care for me -- what .
but us low class we must force .
yes because you were volunteering a lot ?
for my situation my condition genuine condition .
the way -- after managing to eave Mombasa recently now you are able to take care of yourself there financially .
how are you helping parents ?
parents I -- I help them I -- I help them very much I help parents .
they thank God for money to eat like that .
right now they believe the way you came in the beginning and now when you left they absolutely believe it is true ?
they do not believe in my life .
yes they don't believe and they are saying not yet .
yeah and can you try us .
so what do they believe ?
meaning they believe brother .
for -- and I know very many people when life is tough a person decides fine me I am doing maybe a certain business or a person or drugs or what or a person goes to steal .
why didn't you do that ?
<no-speech>
no I have not grown in that environment .
old man this means know how to sell clothes know how to make peanuts know what a person can do .
someone tells you do it elsewhere there is person who desires it .
it is true but now it's required -- you know to be satisfied I usually -- you know to be satisfied with something satisfied .
<no-speech>
when I say to be satisfied I mean instead -- I'll be satisfied with someone else .
of essence is to -- goals and to plan yourself .
there is no little money .
I mean that there is no little money .
I am not saying goals ended while they are goals .
so it is I doing it this way and him doing it that way we shall go far .
<no-speech>
first I am the one who enters into %incomplete
