the CCM has lost an opportunity to clean itself up, now they will face repercussions!
November 15, 2012
Revolutionary Party (CCM) only had one opportunity to redeem itself and demonstrate that it deserves to be looked at and accepted again by Tanzanians.
this position came through the VIII general meeting that was culminated in Dodoma.
this Meeting, as I showed in last week's article, is the highest organ in the CCM.
it is a more superior organ even to the constitution of CCM.
it is this meeting that plans for all national leaders of the party and it's the meeting that dictates the direction of CCM's politics.
in the past - before most repatriated parties were introduced - the CCM's General Meeting was the determinant of the direction our nation would take for the next five years.
unfortunately, the CCM has not only lost its direction but also seems to have lost its history.
this meeting was meant for restoration.
CCM's general meeting was meant to be for restoring and pulling weeds out within CCM.
leaders who were not ousted at the lower levels due to various reasons - especially after failing to have policies to unmask - they were supposed to be forcefully exposed in the CCM's general meeting.
CCM has really condoned corruption to the extend that even the righteous appear to be in a pool of mud.
and a topic can easily arise through the CCM's failure to clean itself up, it has confirmed that no one is clean.
this meeting was initially meant for reinvention because of one main reason - the CCM has been corrupted, they have soiled each other as a result of its leadership, the nation has also been soiled.
from after the 2005 election but largely after the Richmond's 2006-2008 scandal the conflicts that emerged inside CCM confirms that they cannot resonate at all.
it is that lack of understanding that has been a problem in CCM and in the nation.
Kikwete has demonstrated weakness.
one of the thing that has emerged at the meeting and for a fact from that NEC's meeting at Butiana that Chairman Jakaya Kikwete has failed to demonstrate the steadfastness of providing proper leadership to his party.
since that sitting at Butiama until the most recent one in Dodoma, President Kikwete has been someone who gives orders that he has been repeating like a stuck recorder.
there is nothing new that they said at Kizota that they have never said before about his party.
he has already talked about the issue of dissolving groups, on the issue of those who failed in the elections should not bring problems, he already spoke about it and for sure, even the issue of threats including murder among CCM members are not new (he already mentioned before that CCM members have reached a point that they fear welcoming each other for a glass of water for fear of being poisoned).
his recent speech was a repetition of the same song that is not danceable.
he was not any brilliant more than to continue talking in general about the same things to the same people.
we remember when he changed the cabinet ministers last time, he promised that those who caused the ministers' downfall would also be removed. today we are heading towards the end of the year and individuals continue to hang on and maintain power.
Chairman Kikwete is not feared.
he cannot talk about cleanliness while his own daughter is suspected of various activities that do not reflect his cleanliness.
Chairman Kikwete is getting more problems because he has not come out as a person who can stand for and make things happen.
he has led rebels into his party, in the CCM's meetings, he keeps on complaining, blaming and leaving individuals on the sideline to continue disagreeing about their belief in democracy, not knowing that by doing that he has weakened CCM more than ever before.
it has gotten to the point where the union of our nation is in jeopardy because of his party and his fellow party members.
when it gets to a point the wife of the founder of the union says she doesn't see the benefits of the union, then we are in trouble!
CCM's failures Chadema's joy
personally, I believe that because CCM managed to get to this meeting and they have failed to redeem themselves and also failed to demonstrated that they are truly united (as the topic of the meeting indicated) it is clear that heading to 2015, CCM has confirmed disgruntled groups that we will be seeing.
these groups will continue to trouble us not only because of Kikwete but because of other CCM leaders who have failed to get an opportunity redeem themselves and they have weakened the party further.
