not bad (()) .
yes not bad .
if we review it alert me as they are saying they are going to do (()) I'm going to make it .
yes .
is it in preparation or you have already prepared it ?
fan me is getting finalized I think it will be ready tomorrow on the side of mixing I am getting ready for the video and I have finalized the costume for everything and I have organized my people in Zanzibar whom I will go I will go to -- to finalize on the video itself and I will leave a video for each one .
your singing %incomplete
mm mm .
-- your singing during the time I that I was there I think that you had (()) in Bongo flavor yes yes .
so now (()) did you decide to return to Taarab or you will continue with Bongo flavor ?
I won't manage to continue with Bongo flavor because I have -- I am able to sing any type of music and therefore if you talk about Prince we're talking of Taarab because there's my mother's band that I support .
even when the queen herself tells me to rest today I will rest .
mm .
I am the one who will lead that band and I have the ability I have the talent then things will be just fine .
let's return to -- you said that if you tell me about Prince you will elaborate it for me .
yes .
and the viewer at this time is looking forward for you to elaborate in relations to the prince name .
yes prince is a rank which any child to the king or queen becomes that is the one who becomes a prince .
therefore I am a prince child of Taarab and that is why I call myself Prince the black meaning the color of my body that is my skin color .
mm mm .
because my brother was from a different father %incomplete
mm mm .
therefore he was born white because people ask why I am dark (()) Omari was white (()) his dad was white and there's my younger sibling who is also white their fathers are white and therefore my dad is black and my mother is black and that is why I was born black .
even when you look at mother she doesn't like the bleaching things and therefore we honor our color and we are therefore black unit .
and the Kopa is for the clan and I have put my rank of -- of mmhm (()) prince (()) Kopa and black for my color and the Kopa clan .
me and you have talked of much but the main aim of making all these things yes I believe is to honor her .
the late (()) .
what is the biggest things that you can say that is I will continue honoring her ?
<no-speech>
as a person there's an idea I have started there's a big show which I will prepare next year which will happen God willing there's a big show which I will prepare to the late Marie Kopa in which I will sing almost all the songs .
mmhm .
I will be with my fellow artists the likes of Yangasa Ali and the other artists I will invite Mwinyi Mkuu whom we will cooperate with my fellow youths %incomplete
mmhm .
I will prepare one major night whose preparations will be very good at an unknown stadium but we will sit properly and make plans with our committee .
in which I will also introduce I will also launch the album to these songs where videos C_Ds and t-shirts will be there and many other things .
I think you will see for yourself it will be ready .
I don't like -- I usually don't like talking too much it will be ready things will be visible .
if we move from Taarab because you came from Bongo %incomplete
mmhm .
which artist is in that Taarab of your mother Hadija Kopa ?
who else attracts you if we leave alone Taarab and go to the side of Bongo flavor R_N_B and hip-hop ?
amid -- that is amid the Bongo flavor artists ?
yes who can you say fully attracted you to an extent of getting here even though you have come from an origin if I may say of a Taarab singer ?
I think Vanessa a lot .
Vanessa Mdee ?
Vanessa can do but someone who is also close .
yes .
we were exchanging thoughts .
<no-speech>
