fish rearing is profitable
while many farmers continued resentment due to crises of production costs, poor pay and bad effects of weather, a great relief for fish farming has budded at Vindimbwini.
that industry has reached the level of bringing 50 billion shillings year per for fish breeders despite having the full agricultural potential estimated to be more than 130 billion shillings.
the cultivation has increased with many of these farmers, saying that it has a lot of benefits since it requires low cost of production.
according to the chairman of the union of small farmers in the country, Mister Leonard Mutugi, this fish industry has raised hopes of many farmers especially those close to sources of water.
"in general, one fish pond can give a farmer a profit of 50,000 shillings in only six months, a situation that cannot be compared with any other crop farming," he said.
Mister Mutugi says that since the launch of fish ponds projects five years ago, many farmers who embraced this farming activity have abandoned the tea and coffee cultivation due to countless challenges experienced there.
"the sweetness of livelihood for the fishing industry is that the government funds the construction of ponds, gives us fingerlings to start us off rearing and then offer us knowledge about the market," he said.
the situation has been incorporating a special unit of the Ministry of Agriculture which promotes the rearing of aquatic animals commonly called aquaculture.
it is in this process that the government through the unit allocated 4 billion shillings which will be spent in the next three years to promote the local fish farming industry.
while addressing fish pond farmers in Kigumo constituency recently, the chief officer of the unit, Mister John Karanja said that currently all the projects have been assessed and are at various stages of implementation.
"that plan is to strengthen the industry which was launched in 2007 by former Minister of Finance, President Uhuru Kenyatta through the program of stimulating the development of the economy (ESP)," he said.
that official says that the funding will target areas without sea or lakes to help local people get involved with the fishing industry saying that challenges that were occasioned by lack of market has been currently resolved and farmers are reaping satisfactory benefits.
he adds that there are currently 48,000 projects, which have been introduced in arid areas where breeders received 20 billion shillings the previous year.
the status of those projects will be expanded to 80,000 projects in 170 constituencies and in general the farmers will be able to earn more than 100 billion shillings if only the local market will be strengthened before considering the export market.
currently it is only three percent of the national capacity that is distributed to commercial fish and the local fish keepers.
if that percentage could reach 30, those farmers can reap reasonable income," he said.
Mister Karanja says that another market that is doing well is that of fingerlings being sold to new breeders.
"at the moment, the fingerling is sold at 7 shillings each.
new farmer should start with 3,000 fingerlings.
that means the farmer can get 21,000 shillings per day," he said.
he said that areas with sea currently benefits national economy to three percent of their capacity, saying that the situation is miserable and without any benefit because most of the fishermen do not pay tax as their strategic market is governed by inadequate ideology.
"there are those who believe that fish should not be sold and what they do is to have sex with their female customers and offer them those fish in exchange.
such measures make fishermen poor and then deprive the national economic wealth that could be gained if the market strategies had been maintained well," he said.
to ensure that the marketing strategies of fish products is maintained, the government will also have to spend 60 million shillings to build a fish factory in Nyeri County to enable local people to increase their yield.
the process is expected to also benefit other fish farmers in the counties of Murang'a, Kirinyaga, Nyandarua, Kiambu and Laikipia.
the chairman of the implementation of the project Mister Michael Kabui says that the plant will benefit more than 1,200 farmers in Nyeri County.
"in addition, the project will employ approximately 30 employees directly and thousands of others will benefit abundantly through the arrangement of the broader market which shall be diverse from the products provided by the factory," he said.
Mister Kabui said that the factory will be able to prepare 15 tons of fish per day.
"the problem that we predict that may occur is less fish to satisfy the mechanical operations of the facility.
it will require fish farmers in nearby areas to work harder in farming," he said.
he wants farmers to increase the number of ponds saying that the factory will have refrigeration equipment to store fish which will be delivered in this manner thereby reducing fish spoilage.
among the challenges that breeders have expressed about aquaculture is an invasion of animals who catch fish, penetration of air poison from the ground into fish ponds and major cost of production.
moreover, those farmers argued that the cold season affects tilapia fish species reared by many farmers.
the ministry of aquaculture development has been instructing farmers to consider types of catfish that are not affected by seasonal changes and also take a shorter time to mature.
Mister Kabui says that these challenges can be controlled if the farmers join a cooperative society that will prepare them for breeding strategies, productivity and penetration into the market.
"currently we have one factory in Othaya area that makes fish provender.
