Bukoba earthquake shocks Samatta
written by Abushehe Nondo, Maelezo
published: 15 September 2016
captain of the national soccer team, Taifa Stars, Mbwanna Sammata who plays professional soccer at FC Genk Club of Belgium has expressed his sadness on the earthquake incident that occurred in Bukoba end of last week.
last weekend Bukoba town was hit by an earthquake at 3:27 in the afternoon.
the magnitude of that earthquake was 5.7 using a measurement of
'Ritcher' a size which is high to an extent of causing serious damages including breaking a house, injuring and 17 people losing lives.
on the page of his Twitter social media account, Samatta wrote:
"sorry residents of Bukoba for losing brothers as well as property from the the earthquake incident, God to grant you strength and let us also pray for those who went ahead of us".
Samatta before joining Genk, he was a player for TP Mazembe of Democratic Republic of Congo, where he successfully played and won the award for Africa's best footballer among local players.
besides Samatta, the other footballer who was touched by that earthquake and send his condolence message is Kenyan Victor Wanyama, who plays professional soccer at Tottenham team of England.
Wanyama wrote on his social media Twitter account: "my feelings and prayers is for the people of Tanzania and Bukoba following the earthquake We are Together".
Kagera Provincial Commissioner, Salum Kijuu said that after the committee of deaths of the Province and Committee of deaths in the Office of the Prime Minister and Minister of the Country, Policies, Parliament, Work, Youths, Employment and People with Special Needs, Jenista Mhagama, they have done a quick evaluation and known the needs of the affected.
Kijuu mentioned some of the important requirements that are needed by the victims of that incident are construction equipment 90,000 iron sheets valued at 1.7 billion shillings, cement worth 162 million shillings, timber worth 450 million shillings and nails worth 12 million shillings total amount of the required money is 2.3 billion shillings.
already, the Prime Minister, Kassim Majaliwa had recently encouraged businesspeople and ambassadors who contributed 1.4 billion shillings.
