it will also be used on matters of terrorism .
therefore you shouldn't expect to get one hundred percent of security without us knowing what is truly happening so that we can be able to protect you .
therefore there are other things .
after our government considers ours is to consider what is the impact ?
out of other users how many are (()) ?
we are saying approximately nine million users are the ones using the internet and among those you might find not more than six hundred who misuse it .
now will you block the whole Facebook because six hundred out of nine million people are misusing it ?
one spoils the reputation for all .
he spoils the reputation for all but that's why we usually look at the magnitude of the problem .
if it gets to a point where it's truly seen -- it has become rampant something which people want T_C_R_A to do is to block these networks .
but we ask ourselves we have set up the government and it has built four thousand kilometers of cable to also reach the citizens in communication .
and then you start blocking the communication .
can't you see that there's a contradiction here .
now what should happen ?
I can only say provide education .
provide education provide education provide education .
people will understand .
and even if they don't understand start arresting the few who don't understand .
<no-speech>
but for now we should remember that people have gotten in here without others even expecting to .
you know there are people Tanzanians who are perhaps able to watch should pardon me there's someone whose education to read the terms and conditions and the criterion on how to participate on debates for example on the community forums and they should pardon me so much I am their fellow community member .
but you will find that he has no understanding .
he hasn't read .
he puts up things and gets banned .
the owners there ban a person when they do nonsensical things .
he starts to complain that I have been oppressed -- I have been oppressed but later on he will be told it isn't so .
look here we said these are the conditions .
and they start understanding .
and if you get into the community forum now it assures you of (()) .
just try doing anything silly today they will remove you .
but truly there are serious discussions which reach totally good decisions when they get a good moderator .
however now there are those who do not use the community forum but many media .
posting provocations hatred and what have you and the work of the moderator is to now check is this true ?
there's one I saw someone post the other day about a certain church .
people will tell you that is hypocrisy mister .
they tell the moderator to take that down sir that person has personal issues with the shepherd .
we request you to remove this one and it was truly removed .
therefore then that is where we are required to be responsible that is the responsibility of the user those moderating the debates who are allowing certain things to be brought in there .
you should consider for example Maalim this issue of Panya Road .
I have a friend from Kenya who wanted to come here to go to Zanzibar in January .
he says but my friend how come I'm hearing that Panya Road in Dar es Salaam is not a safe place again for people to come .
I have postponed till Easter .
I ask him why so my friend he says no .
if you just Google Dar es Salaam today the first thing you will meet is Panya Road .
<no-speech>
now they should know that the things we do on social media reflect out country out there and cost us .
they are costing us .
so now someone else will not think about that then doing so .
he just so there .
we saw it in Arusha during the time there were chaos .
I know two of my friends who have tour companies .
they returned cash .
there was one who had eight people who were coming .
<no-speech>
but Arusha was seen to have had bombs and we are the ones reporting now sensational in a way that again you see photos of smashed people and what have you something Maalim if seen by a person who had even paid cash won't come .
and then people are complaining that things are tough here is (()) you will have better moments on the second program of the newspapers .
I will give you a brief moment for the purpose of this topic .
this is where we differ a lot with our colleagues in Kenya when chaos happen like in Westgate and etc .
but all their media got to a point and stood together .
our limitation in reporting should also get here .
exactly .
so as not to defame the picture of Kenya International .
because they depend on their colleagues for their economy .
how come something like this is not available in Tanzania ?
now that's what Maalim I'm talking about .
its incidents (()) they will be blamed that T_B_C is hiding that .
okay these ones are the ones doing well exposing its incidents and the news remains as news .
but did you ever see when America was in Iraq an action that was blamed by the whole world ?
but the media here .
I have never -- I have never seen on C_N_N despite them saying they are the first to know yes ?
but I have never seen an American soldier said to be killed by Iraq .
(()) just report .
and still after all their relatives have been told .
again on this desert operation storm the operation <foreign> are not there .
and they are the first to know and they usually say but you hear Mister Maalim they usually say but they do not put the details to show the number affected .
and they don't release it before the families of those affected for example the dead from war .
they will wait until the family is told .
and there are their colleagues there photographers with cameras and a lot of press equipment .
but they respect the ethics in that you shouldn't release the news until the relatives have been briefed just so they don't see it on television .
the news will eventually go out but it has a way of saving the country's interest editorial policy and the station .
no doubt .
here we have newspapers and if you look and Mwananchi and Citizen they have their editorial policy .
there are people who do not agree with them but they will tell you if you do something good which they are required to do now why should you say they have done something bad -- something good ?
but if you do something bad I have to talk about it because that is what is news to me .
therefore editorial policy also determines what should be reported by the media station .
and the editors .
that is why I'm saying the editorial policy will guide you on the extent to which you have to report about when we come to big international issues .
we won't say that the situation is bad it's unsettling and shops have been closed while you know sometimes some of these things are not true .
will they report the truth that -- have you see the French ?
ten people have died .
okay then %incomplete
