Diallo mentions the problems that are chewing CCM
August 18, 2016.
Mwanza - while the CCM chairman Doctor John Magufuli is waited on to start "puncturing boils" that are weakening the party economically, the chairman of Mwanza province, Doctor Anthony Diallo has come out to mention the supervisors of that evil to be executives, especially secretaries that employed in the party.
that statement by Diallo has been supported by a number of his colleagues including the chairman of the CCM Projects Committee of Mwanza Province, Ally Hamis Mambile and party's secretary Charles Masalakulangwa, who have advised that the employment system and titles in the party to be revised to improve on revenue and financial spending.
speaking to Raia Mwema in Mwanza last weekend, being two days after President Magufuli had finalize his tour here in the province, the delegates have predicted a hard task awaiting the chairman in cleaning up the ruling party from harboring many leaders who are not patriots and honest.
CCM Mwanza province owns several buildings that is renting out to various businesspersons, but the revenues collected from the projects are purported to have been misappropriated by few directors to the extend of failing to expand the investment by starting new projects.
some of those buildings include a five story building that houses CCM's regional headquarter that generates for the party revenue of 31 million shillings every month, CCM Kirumba that generates 35 million shillings and Tunakopesha that generates five million shillings per month, according to the chairman of projects, Mambile.
Doctor Diallo has been mentioned to have visions of strengthening the party by increasing economic projects but his ambition has been disrupted by his secretary's office mandated to manage utilization of the revenues collected.
without hesitation, he has openly mentioned that many CCM secretaries at regional and district levels are the wizards of the economy of the party, hence he wishes to see the wrath of Doctor Magufuli landing on them without mercy for the benefit of the citizens.
"often the embezzlers of the party's revenues are the greedy secretaries enrolled at the regions and districts from the headquarters (office of the secretary general that employs them), even here (Mwanza) financial matters have not been good," he said.
on his part, Mambile who is also a member of the regional political committee has explained his dissatisfaction with the system that denies those committees authority to take disciplinary actions against executives who misuse the funds of the party.
"the political committee has no authority to take action against an executive who steals the party's funds, the only leader with those powers is the secretary general," said Mambile and continued:
"the political committee should be given teeth to discipline the embezzlers since it is the one that goes through the reports of the party, it should be authorized to take direct actions even if it's suspending incompetent executives."
but on the other hand, he said, little understanding concerning of performance issues to some of the elected leaders has been contributing to giving an opening to unethical executives to benefit from party funds.
and a famous cadre and founder of CCM Masalakulangwa, believes that the foundation of patriotism in the party began wavering after the introduction of multi-party system in the country in the year 1992, that allowed wealthy businesspersons to be given leadership in the party for fearing being ejected from power.
"CCM was a solid party for farmers and businesspersons in the era of Julius (father of the nation, teacher Nyerere), but it began wavering in the year 1992, I believe it was threatened by the power of multi-party and started looking for the affluent to be given the leadership even if he doesn't have the ability to lead and left out competent individuals."
"since that time it tolerated bribes from the opinion polls to the general election and overlooked the candidate's reputation."
until now there is a possibility that there is no leader in CCM and if present they are few like Magufuli who did not bribe.
"that is why I say, if it's removing the names of bribe givers, Magufuli will eliminate them amicably through his powers as the chairman of CCM because most of them don't know how to ask for votes without bribing, even the voters are accustomed to being bribed."
but I'm very confident with Doctor Magufuli.
I believe he can restore this party to the strong foundation that had been established by Julius Nyerere if he will get good cooperation from party members with genuine patriotism.
during Nyerere's era, individuals were not going to seek wealth in the party.
but these days, almost every young person that we employ in the party come to look for money.
it's him first, party later.
that is why it has become poor and a beggar," explained Masalakulangwa, who also got to be the party's treasurer, Mwanza province for 10 consecutive years (1992-2002).
