Sitta warned.
March 06th, 2014.
the recommendations by the parliamentarians of the Revolutionary Party who are also delegates of the Constitutional Assembly that the speaker of the ninth parliament, Samuel Sitta vies for the chairmanship of the Constitutional Assembly have erupted a debate among some of the delegates of that vessel, with many supporting delegate Hasimu Rungwe warning Sitta not to propagate what he called the Revolutionary Party's curse.
Rungwe who entered the Constitutional Assembly through the group of nominees by President Jakaya Kikwete has expressed his worry about Sitta's recommendation as the chairperson of the special Constitutional Assembly because..."
he has the Revolutionary Party's curse of forgetting other communal groups in the country and fighting for their own side alone.
however, Rungwe's worry who has not openly declared whether he will vie for that position or not just after the passing of the laws of that parliament, is being opposed by the other delegates who spoke to this newspaper, believing Sitta is their good choice when the election period comes because his record in overseeing parliamentary bills involving opposing groups is known.
those delegates have explained their hopes or worries on the recommendation of Sitta, while several days are gone and big names are being mentioned to be able to vie for the chairmanship of the Constitutional Assembly, just after the official passing of the laws of that parliament.
apart from Sitta, the other names that were being mentioned were together with Asha Rose Migiro, Mathias Chikawe, Paul Kimiti and Andrew Chenge, all being Revolutionary Party's members and party's parliamentarians, apart from Kimiti alone who comes from the group of nominees by President Kikwete.
speaking to Good Citizen in Dodoma city on Tuesday this week, the Kinondo parliamentarian, Idd Azzan said he believes that history is giving Sitta a good chance to democratically lead the assembly.
"if you remember how he coordinated the ninth parliament, you can't be doubtful of Sitta's ability in this tough parliament," said Azzan whose opinions are similar to the other delegates, when you remove the CCM ones who approved him on one voice at a private sitting last Sunday in Dodoma city.
however, on the side of the nominated parliamentarian Ezekiel Oluoch, he said that the existence of strict rules of leading the special Constitutional Assembly will give anyone elected as the chairperson the ability to coordinate well the parliament's sessions and not his history.
it is the rules that will enable whoever will be chairman to work well.
it is a must for whoever will be there to focus on the laws, and it is the reason we are fighting to ensure better rules are passed.
people are supposed to understand that this is not an ordinary parliament.
it is not political and neither does it require a person with political thoughts or intentions.
"the foundation of this parliament is mediation more than the number of delegates supporting a certain bill," said the delegate who is a leader of the Tanzania Teachers' Union (TTU).
Oluoch also cast doubt on the temporary chairperson of the Constitutional Assembly, Pandu Ameir Kificho, saying during this time leading the parliament, he has shown leaning more towards the political side and his fellow politicians.
he said Kificho has been giving a huge opportunity to people known to him leaving out the delegates not known, but who have strong arguments without a chance to air them.
while speaking about Sitta, Hashimu Rungwe said Sitta for now seems to lean towards his party and he is for his interests.
a person changes.
Sitta of the ninth parliament can't be the Sitta of the special Constitutional Assembly.
this one has the CCM's curse of forgetting the other societal groups and fights for their side alone.
we need a chairperson who doesn't take sides because for now this temporary one (Kificho) has a side he's standing for.
"you'll find that an argument has ended well but then he turns it around to erupt a new argument," said Rungwe.
even though he didn't said he will vie for the position, Rungwe said he believes after the passing of the law, an opportunity will be given to those who want to vie for the position to collect a form, and that is where those who will fight it out with Sitta will be known from other groups.
in another move, yesterday, Thursday, the situation inside the special parliament hall suddenly turned when all the female delegates united and loudly demanded for the review of the law that directs on how to elect the chairperson and the vice chairperson of that parliament.
according to the eighth section of the draft of the special parliament laws, those leaders of the special constitution will be elected according to the 23 (4) section of the law of the constitutional change of last year.
