political rebellion is a democratic right July 16, 2012.
the year 1958 shall be remembered in the history of African redemption meeting of All-African People's Conference that was held in Accra Ghana under the chairmanship of Kwame Nkrumah a lawyer of every African citizen (Pan-Africanism).
the meeting was very important since it's one that cast out Patrice Lumumba and made him famous outside his bordering country Congo.
at that time Lumumba had already begun to gain fame in his country in the movement of fighting Belgium colonialism but internationally more far in the countries that were colonized by the British he was not known.
one thing that many are forgetting is the argument that emerged in the meeting between Nkrumah with delegates from South Africa where Nelson Mandela with his partners who were fighting magic rule.
those conflicts were involved in which methods used to eliminate colonialism and imperialism in Africa.
delegates from South Africa insisted that the only method to be used was the one for weapons fight against colonialists.
they questioned that doing otherwise would never conquer colonial rule or minority rule.
Nkrumah had another plea.
being one of the head preachers of African socialism, Nkrumah was also a democratic system activist.
Nkrumah understood the meaning of democracy and as he quotes that the democracy has to be one of the shield for Pan Africanism.
in this way, he wasn't attracted to the idea of using force in fighting colonization despite being that democracy was the system of administration of western governments that had exploited African countries for a period of six centuries.
Nkrumah believing that, the relationship between democracy and the struggles of fighting colonization and imperialism are inseparable.
therefore it's healthy for one to be anti colonialism or imperialism and at the same time to be opposed to democracy.
that is impossible.
furthermore he understood that, nothing was going against democracy more than colonialism and imperialism.
that's the same as saying that, a person with a heart of democracy is what makes him to continue having courage for fighting imperialism and colonialism.
I believe that one of the mistakes of African leaders after their countries got independence, is to throw away the idea of democracy instead of making it an important pillar of the activities of bringing development of the African social philosophy.
what confuses and worries us is seeing that, Nkrumah was among the first leaders who slide when they step on the democracy peel.
it's Nkrumah who continues to use, for example, that law of colonization for putting people in the dock without taking them first to court, the law that even here in our place was use to manipulate the opposition.
and it is also Nkrumah who changed the constitution of the country and made Ghana a one-party state which was his Convention Peoples Party (CPP).
Nkrumah wanting to introduce a new governmental system that doesn't copy that Westminster democracy that is followed by Britain and many countries that were in the past colonized by her.
he argued that the democratic system that allows many parties is a system that divides the society and did not have any productivity for young countries like Ghana.
Nkrumah did not say that the democratic system governance is bad but he criticized that which permits existence of many parties.
and he firmly believes that democracy can grow in a regime system that justifies the existence of only one political party.
wanting the new kind of democracy, a democracy whose seed will be planted and grow on African soil, a democracy that will have roots in the history and environment of African traditions.
unfortunately, those kinds of thoughts went astray.
we have witnessed in much in Africa, even in our places, how the one- party system undermined democracy by violating fundamental human rights and slowing down the development.
disregarding the democracy affecting the economic strategies of countries with a system that allowed only one legitimate party.
the situation gave a platform to unjust leaders, dictators, to misuse their country's resources because there were no democratic ways to make them accountable.
additionally, there was no transparency in the operation and implementation of economic activities.
there is no doubt that democracy is an integral part of the development process in the African continent.
those who say that democracy doesn't fill the stomach are mistaken.
democracy can ensure the stomachs of Africans are full, as long as other development criteria are followed in ways that give justice to all citizens.
democracy can fill the stomachs as it can greatly help in efforts to alleviate poverty in society.
I do not say that it is a simple task or that all communities with a truly democratic system have been able to alleviate poverty.
what I am saying is that democracy can be a shield to enable communities to protect themselves from corruption, misappropriation of public funds and lack of accountability from leaders.
the important thing is that democracy also hinders strong people in society whether political or economic power, they will not be able to abuse those powers without being accountable to the law.
when democracy is serving that purpose, then it is more likely to achieve economic and social development.
it is easy to understand why a loud whistle has been blown in Africa to oppose democracy and see it as a Western ideology, used hypocritically by the West to oppress the African continent.
it is true from time to time western countries have been using an excuse of democracy in plotting conspiracy of ejecting African leaders from their positions who go against the interests of their countries, as they did it to Nkurumah and more recently Mua'mmar Qadhafi of Libya.
it is also true from time to time the same western countries have been tolerant and protecting African leaders who were brutal and were not following true democracy or even false ones like Mobutu Sese Seko.
until this day western countries, led by America, still continue with their style of supporting and protecting dictatorial leaderships because they are their friends.
and these dictatorial leaders are their friends when they are using their own interests in those western countries while cause disturbance, stealing and looking down upon their fellow citizens.
when we are speaking and reviewing democracy it is very important to remember that democracy is not just one thing only but it is a mixture of many things.
the previous thing is that citizens should have ability to decide their own things, therefore the administrative authority is in their hands.
they should have judiciary powers that comes from the constitution and has the ability to remove the leaders whom they don't want from their positions.
among the others that are needed so as real democracy can grow is freedom of press, freedom of gathering, freedom of religion that a person wants in addition to freedom of not worshiping any religion, freedom of getting information from anywhere, freedom of speech, availability of human rights together with the right of citizenship and the right not to interfere with personal issues in public.
all that will not be enough to make democracy to be real if there will be no equality among the citizens, if there is no respect, tolerance and having reconciliation in families.
a lot of people when they speak about democracy they give priority to election.
they see election as the foundation of democracy.
surely, election has a foundation in democracy only when it is done in fairness.
the election of this kind gives citizen freedom to choose whom they want without any uncertainty of any kind from the Commonwealth leadership.
in short, in real democracy, there must be elections that are done in integrity.
it is not enough to have a system of democracy.
what is needed in most of the African countries is to have institutions that will be able to prevent democratic roots from being easily uprooted.
if such institutions are missing then it becomes very easy to kill the democratic system.
we are witnessing that in Mali where after the existence of a democratic system for twenty years only one soldier, Captain Amadou Haya Sanogo killed democracy and drowned the country in disaster.
history teaches us that when there is a lack of true democracy, it is not unusual to see hostilities rising, spiritual conflicts, and even bloody battles.
where there is true democracy there is a state of peace, security, and tranquility in society.
in the same way, when there's an injustice or complains in the democratic community has its own ways of making the oppressed to be able to remove their doubts of asking for their rights.
another major benefit of democracy is that it enables people to expand their thinking.
it liberates the people and gives them freedom of thinking, freedom of action and even going against ancient thinking.
for the community to continue and have a democratic democracy, it's important for citizens to have freedom to compromise politics and to have thoughts that doesn't follow the current of normal thinking of the community members.
the right to political rebellion is a fundamental and democratic right.
