this vaginal discharge is a disease
discharge is a Swahili vocabulary word that means the dirt that comes out of the vagina which isn't normal.
today, I'll answer two questions important to women.
one of our readers asked thus, I am a 22 year old lady, I live in Mwanza, I have a stomach ache problem and the discharge of white thick fluid except it's odorless.
please doctor help me what's the problem, what drug do I use in order to stop it?
answer: I am very sorry, normally the vagina discharges watery whitish fluid which usually is light and white and has no annoying odor, burning/irritating or accompanied by rashes.
its level, together with its appearance, can change in a day due to age.
from your explanations, it means that discharge isn't normal since it's heavy.
that's a sign of vaginal fungus, it can have the appearance like that of fermented milk.
this problem can be treated with anti-fungal drugs that are inserted into the vagina.
I advise, go to a health center near you for diagnostic tests or the risks of that problem to confirm the problem.
question: hello doctor, sorry for the responsibilities.
my wife has been disturbed by a problem of V. discharge for a long time, which normally repeats itself now and again.
she has been given an injection of power safe and Fluconazole tablets whenever this problem comes out, but the problem still repeats itself again.
I am asking for your help please, what medicine can my wife use or what is the way in order to get cured of this problem?
answer: v. discharge means the coming out of dirt from the vagina that isn't normal.
there are many reasons that can cause the discharge, including foreign objects in the vagina like fragments of sanitary pads or cotton, bacterial infection, parasite, fungus or viruses.
bacterial infection now and again is gonorrhea germs, chlamydia, mycoplasma, and parasite usually is trichomonas vaginalis and fungus is candida albicans and virus is herpes simplex.
discharge that is a result of bacterial infection usually has an odor like the smell of fish that is felt after sexual intercourse and can have a gray, green, yellow color or mixed with blood.
if it's a fungal infection, it's like I explained in the first question, parasitical infection, the discharge is usually much and has a bad smell, of a greenish yellowish color and is foamy.
likewise, the bacterial infection can be accompanied by discharge of pus, rashes or wounds, irritation.
from the way you asked and your explanations, it is possible you have a mixture of infections that is, chronic vaginal fungus and bacterial infection or parasite.
I advise you to go to district health centers or local hospitals, since there are special departments for these diseases where appropriate medical guidelines and impurities can be taken for testing and degradation.
of normal.
today I will answer two questions.
