is it arrogance from money?
by Pauline Ongaji.
two weeks ago, Octopizzo emerged to take the "Come B Year" award in the champion award. this award given to those quiet at the edge of a hit release seen when the rapper goes anywhere and the steps by a musician who returns so that his hard work and contribution in that event which aroused sentiments will not be in vain especially after suggesting that award. Kagwe who was among those nominated in the category. these are attractive sentiments from the artist Nameless to defend his wife (Wahu) from arrogant fans on the Topizzo media but was it something demeaning for this rapper to refuse this award?
Chief Executive Officer w Osewe, she is aware that it is important iwa for her to recognize the wanamu original smokers, who wameku now.
we nominated him because for some time
well, it's a musician but you can not afford the milliliters topizzo of 2012 and 201 "the unit is not hujum that makes good artists fall into a clinic for a year mmo and then go back to the tablet, then these are the references among the artists walioteu that have been included n zo, Wahu, DNAs, Wakimb Ndogo and Abbas Kubaff.
last year, the artist's silence by doing a release in collaboration with a budding music queen of little light joined the artist Moto to release a hit "Ma". rapper Abbas Ku wasn't left behind when he released "Bamba".
and the group of Henry Masheti al-ma Mister Filter and Morris Mash if you like Mariko walirej a 'Where are you?' bang and graph.
but while the dusty alic Octopizzo is still hakijat clearly a complication inside the country's most popular bar and strange kimat phenomenon.
this year's Oscar awards have already caused emotions even before the announcement of the winner, and some of those who will be announced will boycott to recognizing the skill of films that will be held this month.
among those announced to be attending those awards are Smith and his wife Jada, together with the director complaining of discrimination, considering that there was no star nominated to the contest.
Kisima Music Awards of the year 2004 a discussion award among the chief executive officer at that time Tedd Josiah for the best producer, the issue caused the authority to be slandered for not giving many times music in the year 2009, to receive with doubt to nominate.
adi watakangine like sales kuhufuata via popularity not understood oafikia uaa.
the calculator has even been appointed to the resident of the Citizen Association for his co-sponsorship if Nza's alliance is in favor of his national and international counterparts, which is the FUSE ODG - "I will not attend the reason why you despise us during the campaign."
MTV Mama Awards, last year the MTV Africa Music Awards (MAMA) were overshadowed by scandals with some of the East African artists swearing not to attend that year's edition because of what they termed the discrimination of East African artists, while many nominations and awards going to musicians from Nigeria and South Africa.
some of the artists who had been nominated from East Africa are Kenyans, P-Unit, STL, Elani and Wyre, Tanzanians AY, Ommy Dimpoz and Lady Jaydee, Ugandans, Chameleone and Navio.
since the start of those awards in the year 2008, Nigeria has organized them twice, South Africa twice while Kenya is the only East African country to have hosted those awards when it organized them in the year 2010.
likewise, even though Kenyan artists have been recognized severally in those awards, Ugandan and Tanzanian artists have been lacking enough representation.
