leaders smart in suit, hooligans in thoughts
August 15, 2013
back then I once wrote an article by starting with a question that I will review it here as follows: so we are bewitched?
how can it be that we haven't been bewitched but if we have bewitched ourselves?
or is it possible that we have been bewitched and the one who charmed us was bewitched and died?
(they claim that if the person who cast a spell on you dies then you cannot heal).
they are 'silly' questions but they are raise basic emotions considering the trend of our nation currently.
I don't know what God should give us.
he has blessed us with a peaceful and loving country for couple of years.
he gave us Father of the Nation, teacher Nyerere who despite urging for unity among ourselves as Tanzanians, he also fought for unity of the African continent.
Nyerere knew much earlier that it is easy for a country with over 120 tribes to be in pieces if not held together with an ideology that makes us united.
he encouraged politics of socialism that primarily focused on eliminating classes and theoretical and realistic differences, for all of us to remain as Tanzanians.
God has also granted us a country with a lot of resources, riches that even the wealthiest nations of the world wish it could be in their countries.
in a totally disrupting environment, efforts made by Nyerere to unite us began being violated immediately after he relinquished power.
the party that he founded of CCM, turned against him through Zanzibar's resolution, 'hooliganism' that proclaimed the death of socialism tradition.
since that time, the country seems as though 'bewitched'.
we are not in colonialism (since every CMM's manifesto says Tanzania is a country that abides by the principles of the politics of socialism and being independent) and our constitution confirms that.
we are not on socialism, because every foundation that has excelled, that tradition has been disregarded.
with our numerous resources, we have continued to be the poorest country in the world.
instead of being a market of products emanating from our wealth, we have become notorious beggars while our leaders without a shame, dare to openly say that if we do not foreign trips, we will not get development.
okay, continuous trips abroad have succeeded in bringing leaders of the greatest nations of the world, President Xi Jinping of China and later on 'president of the world' Barack Obama of America.
as usual, our leaders walked majestically and bragged that "our country has now made progress that is why important leaders of the world are visiting us."
it's true, the tours by Presidents Jinping and Obama were successful in placing Tanzania on the global map (to market us well across the world).
I remember during the visit by President Obama, a report by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) noted that Tanzania is one of the countries with the fastest growing economy in the world.
who could dispute yet the Chinese and Americans are outwitting each other to tour our country?
but as if a spell has been cast on us, just a few days after Obama's visit, news emerged that there was corruption involving billions of shillings in the preparation of Smart Partnership conference that brought together several African presidents.
does it make sense that just the preparation of Smart Partnership meeting stirs corruption of billions of shillings before the actual plan begins to be implemented?
I once wrote that while Obama is wrestling with his good thoughts of donating American dollars to us, corrupt individuals on their side are anxiously preparing their pockets to grab the funds.
the extortion of funds for preparation of that conference is like just the 'beginning', the actual show is still waiting for funds to start trickling.
as if that's not enough, a few days after Obama's visit, the name of our country started trending again at the international platform, this time on the business of drug tracking.
for sure, you cannot be surprised with someone who believes that we maybe have been bewitched because despite being very lucky for our name to be heard for good reasons across almost all the corners of the world following Obama's visit, we have deliberately spoiled that merit.
it's just like Obama's crippled decision to ignore the gross violation of human rights in Tanzania, was a permission for the state organs and criminals (at times it is difficult to differentiate between a state organ and criminals) to continue risking the safety of the Tanzanians.
we have continued to witness various incidences that continue to soil our country, locally and internationally.
from an incomprehensible standpoint, the police force that isn't ashamed to be seen working for the ruling party CCM to oppress the opposition, emerged with a dangerous strategy of 'disrupting' terrorism cases against opposition politicians.
it is only a bewitched nation that can joke with terrorism.
that is why recently, Judge Simon Lukelelwa gave a strict warning about 'joking with terrorism' when giving judgement in a case dealing with several leaders of Chadema in Tabora.
