the CCM with its fools on its back!
May 30, 2012
from the small town of Mbalizi in Mbeya Province, we have heard the Vice-Chairman of the Chama Cha Mapinduzi (retired), John Malecela.
he has told citizens of rural Mbeya Province that, CCM would not put up with stupid (corrupt people) on their backs.
this is not a new statement to Tanzanians ears.
some senior leaders in CCM have been heard repeatedly insisting that their party should not be linked to the corruption by some of their members.
but new to Malecela is the weight of the words he used to convey the message.
he has called them "those corrupt fools."
surely this is not a statement to pass without being discussed.
Malecela had been addressing a rally to campaign for the CCM candidate for Mbeya Rural, January 13, this year.
as had mentioned earlier, this is not a new statement to Tanzanians ears.
leaders like Yusuf Makamba and others including Retired President Ali Hassan Mwinyi, have ever talked about it.
in their remarks they have been insisting that those accused of graft should not to be linked with their party.
they should be prosecuted and condemned as individuals.
but the funny thing is that, while the CCM leaders sweat on the podiums exhorting the citizens to prosecute corrupt persons individually without involving the party, the corrupt persons still hold CCM cards.
yes!
they still posses CCM cards, they wear the party's uniform and worse they participate in the planning sessions for the future of the party.
but they also sponsor the party's internal elections and even help to finance campaigns for some of the candidates vying for internal leadership.
yes!
despite that they are suspects accused by the CCM government for theft of public funds, they still continue to contribute funds for the development of the ruling party.
the party of the government that has charged them.
this is yet another proof that the hearts of our leaders have embraced theories more and done away with actions.
as I had stated earlier, old man Malecela has used harsh words which are somewhat similar to the anger of the citizens against corruption and corrupt people.
Mzee Malecela has been quoted by the Uhuru newspaper of January 15 this year, saying,
"they think the CCM will carry them on its back in order for them to be content.
CCM will never put up with those people."
Mzee Malecela found himself issuing that statement after sensing that politicians from the opposition parties are emerging to disrepute his party by insisting that it is not taking any appropriate action on the corrupt people.
and in his sensing he said, "there are people who will come here and say stupid things, that ooh corrupt people."
personally I am motivated by the words, "they think the CCM will bear the stupid (corrupt people) on its back, it cannot bear those people."
as I had mentioned earlier, Mzee Malecela absolutely denies that CCM is ready to put up with corrupt people.
however, on my part I am not sure whether those corrupt people have returned or been stripped off of their party membership cards of that party.
yes, you could say they have not yet been proven in court that they are corrupt therefore they cannot be stripped off their cards.
if that's the argument, let's ask ourselves whether CCM is a party with leaders who believe in the concept of "best practice"?
so, is this a party that is supposed to be a party leading in the concept of "best practice" to ultimately build a solid foundation for good governance in the country?
the fact is that each corruption suspect with a CCM's card is still a member of CCM and furthermore the actions by a member of this party to the point of being taken to court is proof that he has violated his party's beliefs that were formerly called TANU members beliefs.
but despite all this, I should emphasize that this strong statement by Mzee Malecela is not to be ridiculed.
it is probably a statement to be supported.
but support for affirmative action and not acts of "covering up for the bastards."
personally, I have lent weight to that statement by asking myself if it is true that CCM is really not bearing fools on its back?
but when I ask myself, the list of representatives of the Central Committee (CC) of the Executive Committee (NEC) of CCM began to organize its thoughts.
it is a relatively long list, composed of at least 38 people.
these include national leaders, retired veterans and those who continue to lead the nation.
there are also retired presidents.
there are also about four ministers of Kikwete's government and two deputy ministers.
but also including ministers of the fourth government who had resigned due to pressure.
they include Andrew Chenge and Edward Lowassa.
this committee is led by President Jakaya Kikwete as Chairman, Pius Msekwa Vice-Chairman, Mainland Tanzania and President Amani Abeid Amani Karume, Vice-Chairman for Zanzibar.
ministers in this committee include George Mkuchika, John Chiligati, Bernard Membe and Muhammed Seif Khatib, while the ranks of Deputy Ministers are composed of Omar Yusuf Mzee, Emmanuel Nchimbi and Doctor Maua Daftari.
the other representatives are Yussuf Makamba (Secretary General), Salehe Ramadhan Ferouz (Deputy Secretary General - Zanzibar) Vice President, Doctor Ali Mohamed Shein, Shamsi Vuai Captain, Retired Presidents Ali Hassan Mwinyi and Benjamin Mkapa.
other representatives are: Rashid Mfaume Kawawa, Doctor Salmin Amour, John Malecela, Amos Makala, Kidawa Hamid Saleh and Samuel Sitta.
also included are Pandu Ameir Kificho, Anna Abdallah, Rostam Aziz, Doctor Mohamed Gharib Bilal and Pindi Chana.
others are Samia Suluhu Hassan, Haji Omar Kheri, Doctor Abdallah Omari Kigoda, Abdurahman Kinana, Anne Makinda, Fatuma Said Ali Mchumo, Zakia Meghji, now in order to satisfy oneself that this party is leading in "best practice" let's consider the orderliness of some (not all) in the Central Committee.
and furthermore, every representative should question his conscience and measure his dignity in the world of those who are corrupt and those who are not corrupt.
compare Mzee Malecela's statement to some representatives of the Executive Committee, while we remember that that is the top organ in planning CCM's future.
a future that also involves the party in eliminating graft as well as graft involving senior officials in and out of government.
let's ask ourselves whether the layer that constitutes CCM's Executive Committee has the complete 'holiness' that is required?
is the Executive Committee composed of all pure people and who have the courage of condemning corruption without mincing words?
these are the questions that we can ask the representatives of the Executive Committee, one after the other.
do they all believe that the CCM will not bear fools on its back?
and if it cannot, is it true those fools (corrupt people) being talked about by Mzee Malecela are completely not involved in the Executive Committee?
and if they are, why has it become impossible to make them accountable in the context of 'best practice'?
and let's ask ourselves, who are those who should not be borne on CCM's back?
and at the same time ask ourselves, there in the Executive Committee what role does hypocrisy play in the discussions in dealing with corrupt people?
but we later ask Mzee Malecela, among the fools he is talking about, are some among them still leaders in the party and or government?
God bless Tanzania, God bless Africa.
