the DC orders that the elderly be given identity cards.
written by Veronica Mheta, Arusha.
published: 01 November 2016.
the Arusha district commissioner, Gabriel Daqarro, has ordered the Arusha City Council social welfare officer to ensure that all elderly people in that town are given identity cards before the end of this year so that they can get services including treatment.
Daqqaro gave that command yesterday in the meeting of elders of that village, which was having the aim of listening the insult of elders so as to be given opening also to be establish.
he insisted to that department, to ensure the identity cards are received before end of month, as well as urging the government workers, public organizations and various government institutions in that town, to ensure that they give priority to the elderly who have not been getting their services in time.
he has also requested local chairmen, ward councilors and parties to cooperate with the police force to ensure they strengthen their security in their areas to enable the elderly to live safely without harassment and to ensure that they manage their values.
"you have been given positions to strengthen protection, use them so that the elderly will not be harassed, recognize that old people are important they are the ones who has made us to be here, now I don't want hear complaints of the collapse of ethics," said Daqarro.
earlier on, the Arusha town social welfare officer, Shija Numbu said the council has prepared 400 identity cards for the elderly and another 2,094 are with the vendor, although the aim is to produce 1,000 identity cards.
regarding the pension, he said the ministry is addressing the issue because it's legal and once it's complete they'll be notified so that they benefit from that pension which is their right.
on the side of non-governmental organizations that are serving the elderly in Arusha City, they have requested the parliament to formulate laws for the elderly so as to enable existing good policy to be implemented.
giving their contributions in that conference, the elders have claimed that financial institutions and the city council are not ready to lend the elderly for fear of dying soon and want the idea to be eliminated because aging is not dying.
on their part, the elders have asked to be involved in decision-making processes from the local to council level so they can have their representatives presenting their problems at the government and council's decision-making sessions.
they should also be represented in parliament as the other groups of the disabled, youth and women.
they have complained of missing identity tags that have been constraints of urgent access to services in various government institutions including medication at government hospitals, they have also complained of the abusive language offered by some of the workers of the hospitals and health centers.
