a market burns down in Sumbawanga.
written by Peti Siyame, Sumbawanga.
published: 31st October 2016.
Nelson Mandela farmers main market located in Mazwi Ward, Sumbawanga Municipality in Rukwa region has burned down the previous night and caused great losses.
the fire that lasted over eight hours exploded at seven o'clock on Saturday night and consumed shops and business sheds within that market that is the second largest and most famous market in Sumbawanga town after the main market located in Mazwi Ward.
the exploding of that fire created great annoyance to the residents of that town.
the market borders with the Nelson Mandela Stadium that has not suffered any damage.
some of the witnesses told this newspaper that many products including clothes, poultry, refrigerators and fruits were burned, while the majority of victims allegedly had no insurance for their business, while the capital was borrowed from various financial institutions.
speaking to the newspaper at the accident scene, Sumbawanga municipal mayor, Justine Malisawa said the fire exploded seven at night and continued raging until midnight and resulted in a significant loss in which young people pretending to be good Samaritans were stealing the property.
"the market is owned by the Sumbawanga municipality, which officially started in 2011, it is also a major source of domestic revenue, its burning has caused a huge loss to the municipality, as we were collecting between 700,000 and one million shillings a day," said the mayor, the firefighters delayed to arrive.
I give special thanks to the police force who managed to control the petty criminals who were continuing with looting in the market, the source of the fire has not been known and admitted that the market had no insurance.
Sumbawanga District Commissioner, Doctor Halfani Haule said the disaster committee would evaluate the actual losses caused by the fire and the initial plans were to transfer the businesspeople of the market at the sites that were reserved in Majengo, Sabasaba, Sabato and Kizwite market.
the regional police commander, George Kyando said no one was arrested for looting incidents that took place within the market that night.
