Kikwete is pleased with the good results of the Stars, he wants them to win the World Cup in 2014
President Jakaya Kikwete has called for the National team players (Taifa Stars) to ensure they win to play in the final World Cup final in 2014 in Brazil.
President Kikwete met with the Stars team he provided for lunch yesterday, the capital of Dar es Salaam.
Kikwete said he was pleased with the good results of the Stars, which won second place in Group C position, and that Tanzanians now love it after doing well in the previous matches.
there was a moment when it was lost and made some fans go into the stadium carrying the bookmarks of best looser, with ridiculous words.
some stopped going and some cheered at the opposing team, Kikwete said.
there was a time I was thinking of even stopping paying the National Team coach and leaving the role to TFF, but I saw a coach die starving and proceeding with the original decision.
I am happy to see now there is a great success, but we should make sure we train ourselves to 'wrap' all the teams in this second round, he added.
he explained that the day in which Tanzania was defeated by Mozambique in the central stadium, he had a difficult time answering the question of President Kagame of Rwanda who wanted to know the results of the match.
"defeat is very frustrating even to us who follow the games, ensure you give us comfort and I am ready to help everything," said Kikwete praising the Opereshi Victory committee for a great task of giving the players attention by giving them Shilling 30 million.
initially, acting chairman of the victory operation, Ramadhan Dau, who is the chief executive officer of NSSF, said their main role is to eliminate all the annoyances of the players and team officials so that they can play soccer in a good environment.
national team Captain Juma Kaseja thanked Kikwete for his contribution and promised to do well in all the matches and qualify.
team coach, Kim Poulsen, said that although they face a great deal of work, they are confident that they will be champions in the World Cup, CHAN and the African Nations Cup (AFCON).
