these are the bad matters of Tanzanians on phone
Dec 29, 2016
the director of Tanzania Communication Regulatory Authority (TCRA), Innocent Mungy, Tanzania Communication Regulatory Authority (TCRA) has issued a list of bad manners in cell phone use, that many Tanzanians have, Raia Mwema can inform.
at a time the number of Tanzanians who own cell phones continues to increase, bad manners that have effects on the user of those services continue to be worse.
speaking to this newspaper this week, the director of communication of TCRA, Innocent Mungy, said bad manners like insults, using a phone without a limit, using a phone while it's charging and sleeping with a phone are just some of those bad manners.
"another is to believe anything that enters in a phone and taking steps without taking caution, for example, spreading false information".
"finding one's self in fraudulent traps and losing property by being joined in fraud problems or losing money".
not having enough understanding and carefulness in phone usage.
"many phone users don't read the rules and criteria of various uses of communication and many times download various programs and put them in their phones without knowing their benefits and harm".
"to enter into the use of services they don't need, by joining without asking themselves and entering into costs without knowing why they do that and finally to complain that there are high costs of communication".
"also, many phone users have had a habit of forwarding text messages (SMS) or pictures, without ascertaining whether they have morals and are suitable in the community.
"someone you can have major problems by just doing this," said Mungy.
in his interview with this newspaper, Mungy said the behavior on phone use by Tanzanians are not very different from their counterparts in the countries of the East African Community (EAC), but there is a difference with their counterparts from the community of SADC.
"the manners of use of a phone to Tanzanians is not very different from the manners of usage of people of other countries of East Africa".
but there is a possibility that, the manners of phone usage of Tanzanians to be very different from manners of some of the people of SADC countries.
"for example, Tanzanians use their phones for money transactions, whereas use of phone for network money in countries of SADC is minimal and completely lacking in other places.
"usage depends on the level of available services, in various countries together with its cost."
"this causes one country to use some service more than another country".
for example, internet costs and the availability of fast internet in one country, leads many more people to have the habit of using many services that use the internet on their phones.
Mungy said, in recent days, there has been a big increase of phone users complaining of being defrauded through that way and said that is contributed to by lack of carefulness and greed of getting money or property for free.
Tanzanians to be careful to protect important information that concerns their phones if this is together with not giving the number or password of their phones.
furthermore, it's good before joining various gambling games that are played through phone networks, a person must get the correct information from the service providers before subscribing to those games.
also, Tanzanians should abandon the greed for getting money quickly without working.
they should remember easy becomes expensive.
"don't implement any instructions that concerns to sending money in any way, before he satisfactorily ascertains and confirms that the person you're sending to or who gave you those explanations is truly the concerned party," said Mungy.
Tanzania right now is estimated to have approximately 20 million phone users, and Mungy said, there is a big possibility of increased network usage as the service continues to penetrate villages where many Tanzanians live.
