why should a sportsperson be clean?
well, readers of this corner, today is the second day since we ushered in 2017, the new year. I would like to wish all readers well in the new year.
today I will explain why a sportsperson must be physically clean.
physical cleanness to a sportsperson is something that is a must due to various reasons including a sportsperson's personal, health-wise, societal and mental (psychological) reasons.
a sportsperson's physical cleanness is one of the fundamental things in preventing getting infections, diseases and bad body odor.
we recognize ourselves on the importance of physical cleanness maybe from the teachings we get since childhood through schools where also we have ever encountered students who appeared to have difficulties with physical cleanness.
we recognize ourselves also in being clean as one of the ways to attract the opposite sex and avoid being alienated or deserted by friends that you will meet as a result of bad body odor.
likewise by recognizing that not being clean is endangering your body health.
therefore then, for the person who doesn't understand this, there is need for him to be educated so as to return to the group.
a sportsperson is a society's mirror. many communities desire to shake the hands of famous sportspeople and greet them closely when they meet them.
training centers and sportspeople's camps are required to be cleaned by using chemicals to kill parasites because many use these areas.
it makes you have a good appearance and therefore making you have self confidence and be alert in sport and even have the excitement to win while participating in sports.
it should be noted that the press releases news in TV, radio and newspapers. having a clean appearance adds value and respect in the society.
physical cleanness gives the society a perspective about your manners, the society mostly prefers people who love themselves.
being clean increases your personality.
despite all that, being clean is an important measure for a human being to be in good health.
unhygienic sportsperson encounters various diseases including skin fungus on the feet, hair and nails.
at the same time, getting skin infections from bacteria including scabies and boils.
the body of a dirty sportsperson is in danger of getting fungus on the private parts, throat infections and bad smell from the mouth and a burning tongue.
as a sportsperson, you should ensure bathing every time you finish playing using clean water and soap. if possible, bath at least thrice a day.
ensure your sports gear, jersey and the tools you use are washed using soap that have accompaniments that are able to destroy disease parasites.
make it a habit to wash your hand with soap every time because your hands touch various areas, and therefore are a source of infections.
