health services on the card still a test in Tabora
December 29, 2016 by Grace Chilongola in Central Zone
a section of Tabora town.
delay to start giving health services for the health procedure through card services (TIKA) in the Tabora municipal council compared to other municipals in the country has caused residents of that municipal to join in slow pace in that service.
since that service was started in the municipal council of Tabora the month of February, 2016, only 1,802 people who are equal to 4.7 percent are the ones who have joined that service until now.
Tabora Municipal has 229,000 residents and 44 health centers.
despite the Municipal and other towns registration started since 2014, in Tabora Municipal it started February 10, 2016 from the fact that Tabora councils, except the municipal did not have the Community Health Funds (CHF) and as a result of that state, the government instructed other municipals to join that service first and after that Tabora Municipal be incorporated in the TIKA services.
those supposed to join TIKA procedures are people from the age of five years where everyone is supposed to pay 10,000 per year.
the Tabora district commissioner Queen Mlozi has told Raia Mwema that the number of members increased from 92 that was there initially to 1,802 the month of November, 2016 thus increasing income from 920,000 shillings to 17 million shillings, an income that even though he has said is not satisfying.
card treatment services is a voluntary program that was started in municipals, towns and cities after the community health fund was determined to be not spreading well in its services in municipals and cities because of the nature of its rules which include that a patient is supposed to be treated in a health center where he did his payment from.
according to the district head, the government has started measures that involve all of its leaders from the level of ambassadors to district to encourage citizens to join that service.
other than government leaders, also leaders of religious denominations (Sheikh, pastors and padres) together with leaders of political parties will with involved in the influencing so that finally many citizens join TIKA.
"this is the great job we want to do, we have great faith in the work we are continuing with, citizens will comply since even councilors will be given a chance to encourage citizens on TIKA," said the head of district.
moreover, some of the councilors including the one for Chenye division in Tabora municipal have been leading examples after paying TIKA services for disabled citizens in their fields of work.
one of the actions taken by the government in growing the number of TIKA members includes influencing present citizens in the program to rescue poor villages which is headed by TASAF to be able to contribute to that service by contributing money in phases until getting to 10,000 shillings.
on his side, CHF director under National Health Insurance Fund (NHIF) Silvery Gonza, said after the government starting many new councils, NHIF stood out firm in those councils so that they at least get CHF services.
instead of starting to change Tabora Municipal's CHF to be TIKA it is better to go the town council, for example Makambako which did not have that service completely as a result of its newness, therefore priority was to help new councils to start CHF and when we are done is when we start another phases of changing them in municipals and cities to be TIKA that is why we have delayed," he explained.
according to the director, the law that established Community Health Fund (CHF) is the one that started TIKA procedures in municipal, town and city councils.
some of the municipals that have joined TIKA up to know include Kinondoni council in Dar es Salaam, Bahati town municipal council in Manyara district, Makambako town municipal council, Njombe town municipal council, Tanga town and Tabora municipal.
however, activities of changing CHF to be TIKA have stopped after the government promised to make changes on CHF systems in the whole country at city level, district councils and municipal.
the implementation starts from 50 councils which are in the seven provinces including Tabora municipality that will give an opportunity for patients to be treated up to referral hospitals of different provinces and past days when a patient was receiving services only from where he was registered.
improvement procedures have reached a satisfying implementation step.
