Meru's are against women inheriting land.
written by Veronica Mheta, Arusha.
printed: 14 December 2016.
leaders of the Ameru tribe, Washili Arusha region have asked the government to change the land law of the year 1999, claiming that it disagrees with the tradition and customs of their tribe since it is the source of many disputes in that region.
but instead, those leaders want the law that gives women inheritance of land to go with the traditions and customs of their tribe that denies women the right to inherit and selling land in that region.
they claimed that the land laws of the year 1999 that gives a woman the right to inherit, own, to utilize it and also selling it when she wants, is a source of many land conflicts in that district because most of the widows have been selling family land without permission.
according to those clan leaders, women and girl child in that tribe have a right to use and own the inherited land but they are not allowed exchange the land ownership without engaging the the traditional elders of that clan.
while speaking in a campaign of increasing understanding of women in the ownership of land and property to women of Arumeru district which was started by the party of women lawyers in Tanzania (Tawla) in Maji ya Chai ward, the leader of traditional clan of Pallangyo, Jackson Emanuel Pallangyo claimed that never will Meru allow a woman to have final decisions in the ownership of land and property for inheritance.
"they are allowed to own and use the land and property but they have no right to have the final decision of those properties because according to their traditions, it is a must they involve the clans' old men before doing anything and that is our stand which can never be changed," he insisted during the launch of that campaign.
when he was asked if those traditional leaders can agree with the commitment of the government to involve women and men equally in levels of leadership and provision of decision, Pallangyo claimed that to them can never be possible because women are easily lied to than women.
that stand was supported with another old tradition man, Zakayo Loti Nnko of Kitefu village in Maji ya Chai ward who claimed that giving women their final rights of ownership of land and property it is to give them stubbornness, to show contempt to their husbands when they get married and having an opportunity to share those properties when the husband dies.
however, those stands were resisted by some of the women who attended that launch and they claimed that those traditions and customs have been used to withhold women's right of land ownership and property and they are the ones that are contributing to a lot of women being harassed in that district.
she too Bertha Ayo, the resident of Kitefu village in that ward of Maji Ya Chai said that a lot of land conflicts in that district arise when a husband dies whereby the brothers of the deceased want to rob the widow with on the pretext of traditions but the main thing is greed for property because of the land having a high value in those areas.
previously, the Tawla project coordinator, Cesilia Ngaiza said the three years campaign, will involve the community itself to have debates in the village and the ward level and to arouse the problems that are there in the issues of ownership of land and property for women and the best way to deal with them.
