the .
<no-speech>
the Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda emphasized the importance of complete management of the national fund of health insurance in the country N_H_I_F so that to reach the government target of availability of health services through better health plan for citizens especially in this period going toward the end of implementation of development goals of -- millennium of the year two thousand and fifteen .
Linah Dennis have prepared the following report .
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
in ensuring that better health care goal is achieved the Prime Minister Pinda has required the availability of national agenda targeting to encourage the communities to join the community health fund C_H_F that is under N_H_I_F that offers services to the citizens that are in the informal sector particularly in the villages .
the Prime Minister was speaking in the ceremony honoring ten years of national health insurance fund N_H_I_F Dar es Salaam town where he also wanted that fund together with the successes resulting from dealing with the challenges that are there in service provision through N_H_I_F .
on government plan truly is to make this fund to have important pillars in contributing to the development of health sector here in the country .
Tanzania has become one of the countries with political desire and intention of performance and management of health insurance and its importance .
on his side the retired President Benjamin Mkapa who in those celebrations was among the people who were given awards of national insurance fund warriors because of their different contributions they provided in success .
he has used that opportunity to require the efforts -- reached to be continued so that to satisfy the desires of starting the fund and emphasize the importance of better health in the general economic growth .
I would like to remind you that a nation with people with better health is the beginning of development of the country and the people themselves .
that way the modern services of health insurance are important in bringing national development and its goodness is the illustration of good life reached by the people themselves .
on his side Assistant Minister of health Doctor Lucy Nkya explained the government's intention to continue to preside over the availability of better health services in the country through that health insurance fund which would be used as the important pillar in the development of health sector the action that was also talked about by the chairman of N_H_I_F Mister Deugate Asintukamazina .
a big population of the citizens are now benefiting from the services of community health fund by contributing a small amount of money per year .
even so the encouragement to join the fund of C_H_F still it is not -- satisfying among the citizens .
not only the retired President Benjamin Mkapa but also those celebrations involved the launching of books concerning that fund and the giving of awards to different people that was attended also by several current and retired leaders including the retired Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye and others who were in the ministry of health at the time of starting of that fund .
Linah Dennis Channel Ten Dar es Salaam .
<no-speech>
president %incomplete
