one of the problems which we have in this country is that some of our executives are not faithful they are thieves and the moment you realize they are thieves they should leave so that the respect of M_S_P and its stakeholders is retained and the citizens get drugs .
in our country instead of the government being blamed for people's laziness .
the head insisted on the importance of sacking all those who will be found with the offense of stealing after being transferred and to be careful working with all their strength the few duty bearers who are smearing them with mud .
then they should just be fired yes he should removed them immediately as it's of no use for a big organization like this one to be smeared with mud .
<no-speech>
because of a few duty bearers who are not faithful .
(()) neighborhood T_B_C Morogoro .
<no-speech>
a child Najet Mohammed who is two years of age needs support for the purpose of undergoing an operation that will enable the anal passage to be found as our writer Proxeda Mtani explains once again in his story from Morogoro .
<no-speech>
Mohamedi was born in July the year two thousand and ten .
in Mkuyuni village in Morogoro villages with a deformity of not having the anal passage part .
the mother to the child Ziada Mohammed explains in details the problem and the treatment done .
I am a resident of Mkuyuni and my child's problem is that he has no anal passage .
Muhimbili did it and he's letting out from the side .
and until now if I go to Mwimbini I'm just turned away .
I'm given a return date .
every time I go to Mwimbini I'm given a new return date .
so now it's to my ability to -- I have come here in Tanzania to help my son .
<no-speech>
however Ziada is still requesting good Samaritans to help her contribute money for her child to undergo operation .
which will help him in the finding of a normal anal passage .
I am in a poor state and I am therefore asking them to help my child undergo the operation .
to go as he usually does .
<no-speech>
I wanted support from my fellow Tanzanians .
I'm in a poor state .
zero seven one seven seventy and six sixty and nine at the end of fifty two .
repeat it again .
zero seven one seven seventy and six sixty and nine at the end of fifty two .
Kapseda village T_B_C Morogoro .
