lady in -- in -- in your skills and the many years you have lived you thing at the work place men and women are given equal salary if the work is the same ?
it depends on education .
indeed we say people have same education .
how same education ?
yeah .
<no-speech>
if you have equal education (()) their salaries should the same .
but if the woman has little education and the man has high education the woman with little education gets a bigger salary than the man .
therefore a male system a male system is not applicable at the work place ?
I can agree with -- with the lady there .
<no-speech>
like his explanations .
mm .
<no-speech>
it can be the same .
I now agree with her opinion (()) .
I was present and it depends with -- with the posts of (()) one works depending on -- on his level of education even the salary depends on education .
and if for example maybe that work is not related to education for instance ?
it's just the ability of the work itself maybe (()) -- is it possible that the salary is the same ?
the salary that I understand can be the same is only in the government sector but many times private companies have very varied systems including that of gender .
eh it should be there .
a man having a lot of cash is highly paid for .
it is possible a man to be paid more cash than a woman or a woman to be paid more cash than a man .
private companies are like that because everyone going to the company goes with .
<no-speech>
to personally ask for a job .
you see it therefore depends on the agreement between him and his boss how much he is paid .
brother here let the student speak .
he cannot be the same it depends on the actual work environment and different departments and also at -- you'll find a woman pays a man salary at that same office because already the woman (()) to consider positions there is the managing director maybe in government .
I don't know you consider maybe similar posts between the man and the woman is there the male system in payment ?
that a woman is paid less while a man more .
<no-speech>
the government -- the government first I can guarantee they are paid equally according to -- like the job and (()) in governments it is all the same but in the private sector you find a particular job a man being paid more while a woman less or a woman (()) see other areas women maybe are biased .
it depends because there are even other sectors in government where both can be having similar education qualifications and same job but paid different salaries .
a man more or a woman ?
eh a woman or man should be paid differently .
what is the criterion for this difference ?
its difference is on how you were enrolled to work .
maybe someone was recruited in February another recruited in May despite that the work they are doing is the same and their educational level is the same they are paid different salaries .
the law of -- of employment they refer to or labor laws of fourteen years helps and has a department that ensures that there is equal fairness in payment for work done between a man and a woman .
that is what the law stipulates .
but you try to consider how it will be in real life .
but isn't the man the provider I see this law a father like myself as the father I'm going to feed the family you the wife becomes dependent then why should we be paid the same ?
for now I don't think if there is a woman dependent every woman is now concerned about for herself .
at the moment there are people who have certain jobs that they do both women and men but (()) it's the man who is more aggressive than the woman .
therefore it is mandatory that he should be paid more hence a man must be paid more .
and if we are doing security work we both camp at the gate equally .
how will the salary be in that case who should be paid more ?
that is why I'm telling you that jobs are different therefore there are other sections where women are more then -- (()) you don't know there are other sections the rights are the same but more to that the man and the women are not equal .
therefore in general a man in all jobs should be paid more ?
he should be given more .
so that day so every day we should just laugh .
let us go now folks to watch Mau comedy till I want to laugh it out today .
