slavery 'by choice' is coming May 31, 2012
now let's prepare to witness our children, running to slavery in the thousands.
parents and close brothers of African youth are required to be ready psychologically, to confront the loss of those youth who will soon leave to take themselves into slavery by choice.
where are they going?
not elsewhere, but there in America, where were taken millions of Africans who were sold there like beasts of burden, Africans who are the ones who built America's great wealth.
now America has a black president, whose victory has been celebrated so much by Africa and the whole world in general.
now, this black president wants volunteers, especially black, to go and help him fight in wars that American youth themselves are absconding, like this of Afghanistan.
America says, now that any youth who isn't an American citizen who wants citizenship, will be given citizenship in six months, just six months, provided that he be ready to join the American army to go fight Afghanistan and elsewhere where things have gone from bad to worse.
this procedure had never been done since the end of the Vietnam war, which, from its ferociousness, needed youth from many countries in the world, especially from the third world, and who volunteered and were bribed with the gift of citizenship.
this news, without a doubt, will contain a taste of Bongo flavor for our youth who pass saying, "rather a dog in Europe than a villager in Bongo."
they will migrate to America, again in large numbers, not just because they have been called to go there but also because this country doesn't appear to know what it wants to do with its youth.
they have been left to sprout like weeds in a deserted place.
hope has not been cultivated in their future lives and it's true that they can believe that it's better to be a slave in Europe than to be "free" in Africa.
that's the story from everywhere in the African continent that show, like in Senegal, where the youth are saying if it's dying let them die, but there is no remaining in Africa, and their mothers agree with them!
now I should say - I shouldn't say, who should say?
