in Manyara province .
poor participation of women and youth in various aspects of decision-making is a challenge that seems to hinder some development activities in the community .
that challenge seems to affect more rural areas where many development projects require the inclusion of these groups .
our author Zacharia Mtigandi has provided the following information from Manyara .
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
its impact is that that power of decision-making remains in one axis who is a father .
whereas if the youth is involved in a family could offer good ideas rather than relying just only on a father to provide all decisions as head of the family .
as you look up starting from the village you find they have (()) powers in various levels of leadership .
you find those who we say exceed us in age .
while the national workforce are youths .
so youths are forgotten at the village level and even at the national level as well .
(()) what will appear later is that because this community has not been educated they will have difficult life because they do not know their various rights %incomplete
(()) Manyara province is a reflection of poor participation of groups of women and youths at the level of decision-making .
all sub-location heads are men .
no woman have got a chance to be a chairperson of the sub-location in my location .
and at the level of -- of the village all members of the village council those elected all are men except those seven positions of women which are same as -- are same as one third that is only seven women in all twenty-five villages .
the local administration in the country has begun the process of educating the community to see the importance of incorporating youth groups and women in decision-making .
Seif Hassan is a communications consultant of that community who argues that that exercise of offering education has begun in the district (()) as part of a pilot project following research .
in the village administration you find that the council of the village itself has two or three women .
therefore it revealed that there is lack of good relationship .
local administration advises the community to do away with customs and traditions that prevent a youth or a woman in being involved in various levels of decision-making .
Zacharia Mtigandi Star T_V Manyara .
<no-speech>
