cleanliness in the cashews fields is the only criterion in dealing with various diseases that attack the crop .
this shoot has the ability to keep bacteria as we can see here .
these leaves have been attacked by diseases they can remain like this from one season to another because there are no alternative places to be attacked other than the cashew tree .
immediately there appears areas other than the cashew tree since by having new stems and flowers then these bacteria are flown by the wind to attack those new stems and the flowers that have emerged out of the cashew tree .
<no-speech>
so failing to abide by the professional procedures and protocols that demonstrate how cashew nut leaves are supposed to be trimmed results in a prone environment to cashew trees being infected by diseases .
the insect that is alive because one that is -- that has matured has a habit of perceiving -- of disguising to be dead when a person approaches or when it senses something shaking .
it drops itself down and lies so still that if you look at it you might think it is dead .
but it stays and listens to you if it realizes that the movements that were there have vanished it gets up and starts to crawl and proceed with its journey .
therefore it was named disguised death .
now the worm bug is that he has a tendency to attack the shots .
<no-speech>
nevertheless it can emerge and the farmer ends up getting unwanted shoots without expecting .
just as a result of the ignorance of its cause .
<no-speech>
if (()) technical procedures can be adhered to in addressing it and thereby avoiding effects of infection of the diseases in the cashew fields .
when we leave such cashew tree leaves at our place during the time of (()) then -- these results have the capacity to remove (()) like these .
but if this farmer could have removed these and prone here then this shoot could not have emerged .
and similarly as we see here he could have (()) so as to remove and prone it from here .
these shoots could not have managed on the other hand cashew farmers when reducing causes of disease infections on cashew fields it translates that they reduce the use of pesticide as well as adding value to the limited cashew in the national and international markets .
<no-speech>
and what this adult pest that has matured does is that -- it borrows it borrows in the tree to the inner nucleus .
it bypasses the outer layer and enters the inner layer and once in there it lays eggs .
later on once this eggs hatch the worms emerges .
once those worms emerge they cannot gnaw the inner nucleus .
therefore what happens is that they emerge then they stay in between the nucleus and the bark .
they start gnawing from inside .
therefore when they chew from the inside and the major sign will be that the place where it is situated there at the entrance hole that -- where it will have emerged from remains with fine tissues like those of timber therefore you know well that this insect is in there . hence it will gnaw and if there will be no way to control it early it can make that cashew tree to get to this state that is the cashew tree has died .
<no-speech>
so it is %incomplete
