in our episode of ask the doctor today we shall have Doctor Fredrick Ngusaru from Kwembe dispensary that is in the municipal of Kinondoni Dar es Salaam city who will answer the questions of the youths concerning different issues .
please follow me .
am called Farida Daudi .
what causes blood deficiency in a pregnant mother ?
and what damages are caused on the mother and the child ?
blood deficiency at the time of pregnancy mostly is caused by the following things .
she can get the deficiency as a result of -- of suffering from malaria frequently during pregnancy or similarly she can have a worms infections .
it can cause a lot .
because worms mostly attack nutrients' suppliers which helps in making blood in human being .
another thing that can cause blood deficiency are types of foods that the mother will lack during pregnancy .
mostly green vegetables and foods that are rich in nutrients for making blood in human body .
therefore if she lacks good or better food during the time of pregnancy and that also similarly causes blood deficiency in the -- in the body of -- pregnant mothers .
and its effects are huge which if a mother lacks -- when she has blood deficiency mostly it affects her herself together with the child .
her herself it affects her first her feet swell she becomes weak because she do not have blood that can help her in a circulation in the -- her body becomes tired does not have %incomplete
therefore she lacks those good nutrients which can cause the blood to be -- to be deficient in her body therefore she lacks energy .
she lacks the ability to think .
she lacks many things which can help her in building her body in different functions that %incomplete
therefore she will become a person of sleeping .
and also the child is very affected because the blood from the mother often the ones helping the child to transport all the nutrients which the child needs when in the womb of her mother .
therefore if she will have blood deficiency it means that she will lack nutrients to build her herself and similarly to lack good oxygen in her growth in her body .
therefore when she comes out she becomes weak .
she lacks good feeding therefore it is easy to be ill frequently because she do not have good protection and those -- those many things which were needed during pregnancy or when she was in the womb of her mother she is lacking .
therefore it is a very big effect on the child .
therefore she can even be able to get -- she even can be able to get even to die inside of the womb or outside after being born because she do not have good immunity .
she do not have good nutrients in her body .
therefore are big effects on a child when she is born .
what causes a person to lack sleep and what are its treatments ?
first they are psychological problems .
those can cause mostly a person to lack sleep .
therefore the most important is to know what is your problem or he has what problem that is afflicting him till he is in a situation like that .
therefore he may have depression .
may be there is something which is -- he has thought about a lot .
or there is -- he has gotten any problem -- that is surrounding him in -- in his life .
therefore it is very good to know which problem that is assisting him .
similarly other things that can cause lack of sleep are may be the drugs which -- may be addictive drugs or other dugs which affects the brain area can make a person to lack sleep .
therefore it is a must to identify where this patient his problem is so that we are really advising him to go to the hospital or to get good counselor to help him so that his problem of lack of sleep to end .
am called Husna Sudi Mohammed .
some people face the problem of having stones in the kidney or the whole urinary system in general .
what causes it and what are its signs ?
mostly things which cause -- mostly some people to be faced with the problem of having stones in their kidneys or the whole urinary system in general are caused by the person lacking electrolytes which assists a lot to burn -- which are in the human body .
now if a person lacks those elements which are there when he has many elements which have come from the body often causes swelling like marbles that becomes something like they say small stones .
therefore -- the marbles are caused by elements which are called calcium or sulfate which those when are in high accumulation at the urinary tract often form marbles which causes this person problems of passing urine through those ways that has been closed .
therefore its biggest treatment is diagnosis of this problem and be able to be given drugs that can neutralize those -- those elements that have closed or to be operated on generally if that problem would be difficult by way of drugs .
thank you a lot Doctor Fredrick Ngusaru for your answers .
this episode was prepared by me Mwanaharusi Kongwa .
<misc>
thank you a lot doctor for your answers to the youths .
and now let's listen to a small play about health issues .
<misc>
