he who does not follow will not get
written by Nicodemus Ikonko
published on: 03 October 2016
today, I would like to start on our discussion with a popular saying which President John Magufuli in his slogan 'here's just work' which he has quickened significantly.
"he who does not work let him not eat.
"
in addition to the president including that saying, I believe many keen parents are well acquainted with this saying and implement it for very obvious reasons.
that if he does not get out of the house in the morning and go to work, farm or any other activities that is legal and will bring an income, he understands that his family will be in trouble if there is no food and other needs.
you can avoid consumption of many things by having numerous excuses but the subject of food budget, you cannot avoid it, from you the person who is looking for food to the person to whom your responsibility is to bring the food.
it should be remembered the biggest budget in our household or families it goes to provision of food first before anything else.
that's why there is another saying by our forefathers that say
"pray hunger for your enemy."
the war on famine can't be won for reasons not to face it.
even those with mental challenges, when hungry you will find them in dump sites looking for anything to put in their mouths.
there is no food supplement.
I want to emphasize that the big reason for the family and Government to use its resources more to train more of its youths together with chances to be innovative and enhance their talents to be able to look for daily upkeep in their life for them to be able to maintain themselves and continue with their lives.
on that program that ensures everyone is working 'to eat', I remember country's founding father, Mwalimu Julius Nyerere started the education philosophy of self-dependent in school then, that time the likes of me were schooling.
the intelligent ones understood him but as you know in the crocodiles habitat even the opportunists are there.
there those who ridiculed but in real life they are watching.
those who considered this saying are running their independent lives.
sometimes I ask myself about our youths of today both female and male.
he can finish his education in any level but he will just sit there at the home father, mother, uncle, in-law or even his friend without being restless and getting rid of the problems that he has by looking for activities that can bring in legal income.
who are you waiting to do that work for you?
think, a young man wants a job but he does not make any effort to write a letter or ask his companions where jobs are or even to read newspapers by himself that have different job advertisements every day.
how will this young man succeed to get a job?
another one understands that the work of casual laborers or the ones who call themselves day worker (day worker) is found in different areas of construction of houses, roads, factories and even in areas of fisheries, mentioning just a few but he does not go there, he sits at home waiting for food to eat then goes to his friends and gives them a recount of how Manchester United and Arsenal played yesterday on television.
and, will you get the casual worker?
please imagine you are in Dar es Salaam and you want to go to Arusha but you not buying a bus or plane ticket and neither do you have personal means of transport.
even if you lock yourself in the house with your whole family to pray until blood tears drop, there is no way to get in Arusha.
here, there is no miracle or trying to consult a witch doctor.
buy a ticket or have your own means of transport so that you start your journey to Arusha while praying God for journey masses.
here, I just want to remind our dear viewers mostly the youth that if you don't interact, don't blame witchcraft for your life but the witch who will be yourself as I said earlier, who doesn't work should not eat.
wake up and start being active.
man is job, otherwise the community will see you lazy and a big burden.
