women lead smuggling of gold, tanzanite
it is written by Ikunda Erick
published: 04 September 2016
the government has noted that a large percentage of tanzanite and gold minerals are smuggled by women who wear them in different parts of the body and say it is jewelry so when they go through the inspection machines at the airports it is hard to find out if it is smuggling.
as a result, the government has built itself to control various spheres in the jewelry industry since it has been reported that huge robbery is carried out by them in the shade of jewelry.
this was stated in the evening by the Minister for Energy and Minerals, Professor Sospeter Muhongo while speaking on the 'Tunatekeleza' program being aired by the National Television Center (TBC1).
"you find a woman, dressed in gold, a lot of bracelets and other jewelry, you think she is a gourmet but it is smuggling our minerals abroad, you cannot stop her, we are now planning to deal with the industry, we have discovered the great robbery of these minerals is being done there," said Professor Muhongo.
he said, alongside the government reducing the speed of theft, the problem still continues and that the Tanzania Mineral Audit Agency (TMAA) recently seized 10 tons of minerals being smuggled.
he said government efforts since 2012 have been undertaken to establish benches in the country's airports that monitor and minimize mineral smuggling and since the start of work on these benches have succeeded in controlling large quantities of minerals.
when Professor Muhongo said this, the country's Mineral Commissioner Paul Masanja spoke of the smuggling of the minerals out of the country in different areas and said the amount being smuggled is big.
he said the figures in 2013 show that 80 percent of tanzanite minerals were exported to the country through Panya routes and benefited Kenyan countries which transported and sold tanzanite worth 100 million US dollars.
India also sold tanzanite worth 300 million dollars while Tanzania's producing the minerals got 38 million dollars from exporting the minerals.
speaking of the mining sector as a whole, Professor Muhongo said it was possible in the past that the country made mistakes, but it is good to look at the current situation and then avoid being deceived again.
"we be honest, it is possible that we previously made a mistake on mining, but what we are doing now is to look at where we are now so we do not make mistakes again, we want this sector to generate national revenue by 10 percent from 3.5 percent of the current," he said.
he said the current government is helping Tanzanians who are small miners to be centralized, by enabling modern mining tools to grow their economy and nation rather than relying on big foreign mining companies.
in implementing that, he said on September 15, this year miners will begin being granted equipment up to 200 million shillings for empowering modernization and increase revenue.
regarding electricity supply, Minister Muhongo said in the 2016/17 financial year the domestic budget and foreign donors for rural electrification have reached 1 billion shillings and this is a major step in the revolution in many rural areas.
"we have passed in the Parliamentary budget this year, we have allocated 535.4 billion Tanzanian shillings equivalent to 50 percent increase in REA II, and foreign donors have given us money and total budget for this year of rural electricity is one trillion," he added in implementing a rural electricity project of REA III, the number of people receiving electricity will increase.
regarding the gas industry, he said that 45 to 50 percent of electricity generated in the country is derived from gas, which saved a lot of money that could be used to generate electricity from oil.
he said gas benefits in the country are numerous and that gas consumption in electricity production has helped to alleviate the burden on the public by removing utility services on electrical purchases as well as to new applicants requesting electrical connection for the first time, not paying for the application form.
referring again to changes within the Electricity Company (TANESCO), Professor Muhongo said it must be made a major change in order to move as the Fifth Phase Government.
"I do not want to talk so much about TANESCO, but with its design and performance and as we go it must be marked by a dramatic change, it will be a fast-paced TANESCO, without corruption, robbery, negligence on the way coming," he said.
speaking of oil and gas he said that in order for the country to be a medium-sized economy, the nation depends on the gas and industry economy and to start a Kilwa fertilizer factory in Lindi region in collaboration with the National Development Company (NDC) and your discussions on good steps and stakeholders, including Germany, Denmark and Pakistan.
after completion of its construction, he said on a day producing 3,850 tons of fertilizer and the production would help improve the agricultural sector and thus assist the industry.
