there is a high possibility that Kenya may be allowed to grow GMO maize.
by James Kariuki
possibly Kenya may start to plant Genetically Modified Maize (GMO) if the trials that are continuing will get approval from the National Bio-Safety Authority (NBA).
this development is a result of the issuance of permits by the NBA to the Kenya agricultural and research organization (KALRO) and another non-government organization, Africa Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF), to lead the national plan on the growing of GMO maize in the whole country.
but the head of the NBA Doctor Willy Tonui warned that those trials are to get maize that will be tried first if they are safe for Kenyans to eat or have a poison that is feared causes the disease of cancer.
earlier, KALRO and AATF asked for a permit to grow that maize and sell in the market but they were denied until when government researchers will do more trials to find out if that maize is safe for use and also doesn't damage the environment.
Doctor Tonui said the permit will be given after the environmental authority in the country has done a proper investigation on all farms, that will be used and finally to give the permit.
the NBA said that GMO maize needs more research, and warned that the maize will be planted on the farms belonging to the Kenya plant health inspectorate (KEPHIS) under tight security and added that possibly the permit, may be removed if the GMO researchers go against those rules.
the NBA permit was received with rejoicing by supporters of GMO maize because possibly, crop production may increase and help Kenyans deal with hunger but those who believe they are harmful to health are opposed.
in his statement, Doctor Tonui said that the GMO maize will be studied more to inspect its structure and to ensure they have no chemicals and are safe for human consumption, or to ban that maize if it will be found with dangerous chemicals.
earlier, KALRO and AATF asked for permission to plant seeds and to distribute them in the whole country, saying they are safe and their research has shown that Kenya needs to distribute the knowledge of strengthening planting of maize through scientific means in order to deal with the problem of hunger.
