24 begging children escape Kurasini.
written by Lucy Lyatuu.
published: 27 September 2016.
24 children who were loitering and begging, were gathered by the governor of the region of Dar es Salaam, Paul Makonda and taken to be nurtured in the national children's settlement, Kurasini, have escaped and they are back on the streets.
the officer in charge of the center, Beatrice Lawrance, said that yesterday in Dar es Salaam city when he was talking at the celebration of 21 years of law center and human rights (LHRC).
center officials visited the children who lives there and give various donations.
about children running away, he said in a period of three months in which Makonda has been encouraging cleanness in the city, he took 54 children, who were in the estate like beggars.
among those children, 22 were connected and returned to their families and there are eight children who remain here in the center, and those who escaped many of them have 16 years," said Lawrence adding that far from those children the center has a total of 75 children.
he said those children find a way to escape from the center due to the big challenge of short fences in some areas where sometimes even outsiders can see what is going on in the center.
even that he said those children when they were brought in that center, they were superficial, giving statements of displeasure to be taken there saying they can not stay there.
regarding other challenges of the center, he said the lack of medicine especially when a baby is sick, children's fares when going to school and when coming back, along with wanting solar power due unstable electricity every time.
he said that the government station is the only one in the country that receives children from three years to 18 from different areas in the country, including orphans and those who are in dangerous environments who are found through protection and safety teams from every different municipal council.
regarding the visit by the LHRC stakeholders, he thanked them for the different assistance that was taken to those children and requested other stakeholders to see to the needs of children and to take their time and to join them because it is a group that needs love and a lot of care.
on his side, the Executive Director of LHRC, Doctor Hellen-Kijo Bisamba said they are celebrating 21 years from the time the center was started and for all that time they have been doing different activities of providing legal education, good governance and human rights.
"the center today has visited the home of these children which is part of the celebration with an aim of celebrating together with the children and to continue to encourage the community to protect and to defend their rights, protection and quality welfare of the children in the country" said Doctor Bisimba.
