it is ideal time for TFRA to control the rise in fertilizer prices
written by editor
published: 22 November 2016
we all know that In order to cope with extreme poverty in the country, this nation needs to ensure that activities being undertaken by 80 percent of its people living in rural areas are successful.
these citizens who live more reliably on agriculture should stop relying on small hand hoes for farming in migrant cultivation so that they can satisfy themselves in food and sell others for the day.
in addition, Tanzanians we should realize that in promoting welfare and poverty alleviation, there is a significant link between poverty, food security and nutritional problems, and all these find solutions in modern agriculture.
we understand that this nation has been in the process of rehabilitation in order to bring rural development in line with the fact that it has long been developing a number of strategies to facilitate rural change.
throughout the era of poverty alleviation strategies, something far more commonly spoken is changing to modern agriculture through the use of modern fertilizer.
as a result, it is obviously the call of the Minister of Agriculture, Veterinary Affairs and Fisheries, Doctor Charles Tizeba, to call for the Tanzania Fertilization Authority (TFRA) to reduce agricultural costs in the country, including the control the rise of fertilizer prices, has come timely.
launching a new TFRA board, that will be led by Doctor Mshindo Msolla, yesterday in Dar es Salaam, Doctor Tizeba said for some time now, there is no standard fertilizer price a matter which makes the government to use billions of finances as a subsidy for fertilizers, the aim being to reduce the big burden of the high fertilizer cost to farmers.
that is to say, if there was a standard price, the high cost of production in the agricultural sector could be reduced and therefore farmers would be persuaded to use fertilizer in order to get more income.
in order for us to be successful, it is good for that board to listen to the minister especially his directive that he gave of wanting to go through a new the fertilizer act and to look at areas that are not friendly in order to come up with a combined fertilizer buying system, that will make it possible to bring down the price of fertilizer while genuine fertilizer is available.
we believe that by removing barriers, the board will be able to monitor closely the production processes and the importation of fertilizer in order to make farmers use quality fertilizers and those that bring worthy profits.
we believe that time has come for this nation to ensure that it does not oppress its farmers and through these farmers, we have enough raw materials to go to the middle economy.
so it is best to ensure that the farmer does not buy fertilizer that is a fake.
we like to believe the words of Chairman of the board, Doctor Msolla, that his board is prepared to confront all defects in the fertilizer industry in order to ensure that farmers get quality fertilizers at affordable prices, and in this we advise other stakeholders to continue to provide cooperation to enable our farmers to have quality fertilizer again at an affordable price.
