the number of candidates contesting to be nominated during referendum on C_C_M ticket for a parliamentary seat of Arumeru East region have continued to come forward and have reached five by today .
Jamila Omar has more information .
one of the candidates who took this form today is the political secretary and the propagation of Magana district in Mwanza province Lrema Kaya who said it is a constitutional right of every person to contest .
but El'meru people are in need of a person of integrity who will be in the forefront of improving living conditions by bringing development in that region .
qualifications to contest is one thing .
ability to lead is another matter .
I know many candidates will come it is their constitutional right .
we need a legislator who does not care because of the constitutional rights we need a legislator who has a stand is decisive and knows where he is going .
Arumeru East now want to hear the voice of their member of parliament in the famous parliament building .
and I think for this period they will hear the voice of their representative when I Lrema Moses Taya is elected .
speaking to journalists after handing over the form for that candidate secretary of C_C_M Almeru district Edison Liheuli said until now the exercise is going on well while warning against issue of using money in elections that was supposed to be avoided by -- all candidates since it can disqualify a candidate from being elected .
since I was given the form I am warning that inappropriate use of names is uncalled for the game of using money is not needed good luck a candidate has said it here .
and the last one we say that that last minute after the referendum if you get a single candidate let all be one thing .
the issue called camps will not help us .
candidates who have already come forward so far for the Revolutionary Party ticket is Soi Remy Alsumari Elshiria Reema Kaya Kaya William Sarakiya and Rishinakira Musosi Orio .
from Dar es Salaam Saidi Makala Channel Ten .
