Saturday, August 20, 2016
self-awareness is overcoming selfishness, caring for the needs of others?
we began to foster the issue of self-awareness in the previous article.
as we have suggested, self-awareness goes hand in hand with understanding the push behind what we do every day.
in this section, we will briefly consider why self-awareness is more than the 'selfishness' within us.
not listening to the wishes of others?
the issue of self-awareness has a long and controversial debate.
every community, culture and even one person, looks at this matter with a different eye.
in communities that promote personal independence, for example, 'we' are what we have within us that enable us to self-reliance and feel like free people who are alienated from 'bondage' of the expectations and wishes of others.
for this reason, self-awareness is giving your self the ability to enter into ourselves, to examine and to bring out what we have without considering so much the opinion of others.
entry into ourselves means to investigate our personal goals - which can be quite contrary to the expectations of others - to see how we can bring personal benefits.
in this regard, some people remain with two types of contributions to us; it is either helping us or discouraging our goals.
of the first group, they must accept and respect our selfishness and thus we give them the opportunity to continue being with them; of the second group we separate ourselves from them, for one big reason, and they are struggling with their selfishness and thus they do not see the value of selfishness (the-us) we have.
put forward our personal goals?
we use one simple example
when a young begins life, he finds himself in the middle of many responsibilities with a mixture of his personal expectations and the community surrounding him.
this young man with a low salary finds himself obliged to choose what to achieve personal goals and to support his dependents as relatives, friends and community around him.
if we use the above explanation, it means this young man is self-aware, then he's forced to choose to go ahead "in development" and never adjust according to the expectations of others that are directed towards him.
Well say he is ready to end up close association with non-assistant friends, to cut off his contacts with his poor brothers in his village who are primarily 'struggling to delay the imagination of his dreams'.
these measures to 'isolate himself from social discomfort' are mandatory in order to give the young man the opportunity to focus on achieving his goals beyond the expectations of those who depend on him.
that, however, does not mean that the young man should be separated from society or not to compare himself with others in the community.
no.
the young man is expected to follow closely with youth groups who have "a development viewpoint" that can give him the motivation to reach his own goals.
usually, this young man's goals are concentrated on wealth and wealth rather than helping the poor community around him.
if it is education, it must help him in the pursuit of wealth.
otherwise, that education has no meaning
likewise, comparing yourself with others is important.
so as he continues 'to succeed' this young man should be obliged to increase his faith and desire to meet his personal needs by looking at the way he goes and the speed of his "fellow peers" and how he becomes better than young men 'who have no development viewpoint".
basically, his happiness increases as he becomes better than others and increases personally.
what is important is his personal goals.
how are the prospects of others?
the second perspective of self-awareness is in sharp contrast with the first one.
self-awareness means to understand what others expect of us.
in social communities that value unity and kinship, it's easy to understand this viewpoint.
self awareness isn't looked at with the eyes of our personal wishes only.
that is to say 'we' does not interfere with the expectations of the surrounding community or groups we identify with it even though we sometimes disagree with them.
identifying yourself, in effect, is going out of our personal desires.
self-awareness is to benefit from others, to rely on others and at times to look and evaluate ourselves by turning back to our relationship with others.
in this context, the main question of 'who are we' is, 'how do others view me?'
people of my group, my party, workmates, people of my faith, my family what do they expect of me?
what do I have to give people around me?
so we see here self-awareness is the willingness to go ahead of desires, wishes, personal goals and test ourselves by how we can contribute to the well-being of those around us.
to accept to be delayed?
when we return to the example of the young man we mentioned earlier, the young man will be aware if he will be able to look at the space he has in the community.
the young man will be aware that he will be able to decide to take care of others even if it costs the delay of his wishes and personal desires.
that (the young man) be ready to consider what he can do in his ability to help his poor brothers in the village and others around him.
the young man will be aware if he will be able to delay his dreams of looking like the 'urban youth' in order to be the answer to the challenges of the people he knows need him.
that is possible if the young man is ready to keep in touch with 'helpless' friends because he understands that the friends probably need him.
the confusion that has no reality?
in conclusion, it is probably good to remind ourselves that self-awareness can not be one day's event.
self-awareness is a long journey because, as we have seen, there are differences in perspectives that can affect how we measure our self-awareness.
when we think we are aware of ourselves, sometimes, others see us in the opposite direction.
likewise, it is the truth that is well-known that we are doing much with a push that we do not understand well.
sometimes we do not know why we are doing what we do.
for example, we may have some tendencies that we do not like but we continue to have them.
can we understand and still not know why we are doing what we do?
could that not be evidence of why we sometimes do not even know ourselves when we think we know ourselves?
maybe
that, however, does not mean we can not be aware of ourselves.
or are you winning 'the-me'?
since we love the conclusions, I conclude it in my personal opinion.
the question of 'who are we' is the question of self-awareness.
self-awareness is a combination of understanding us (we ask ourselves that question) what we want, and so forth, others who surround us expect what from us.
similarly, self-awareness is to recognize and acknowledge our position and accept our responsibility as an essential part of responding to the needs of others.
self-awareness is the appreciation for others, motivating others, raising others with no hope for them except the happiness that comes from what we can benefit others even when it comes to our cost.
self-awareness is to know where our happiness is.
the happiness that comes from benefiting and raising others for justice.
self-awareness is winning the-me.
do you agree with this view?
is it possible?
it is going on
this article was published in the Mtanzania newspaper.
for more discussions follow the Psychology column in the Tanzanian newspaper every Thursday.
email: bwaya@mwecau.ac.tz
it is written by
Christian Bwaya
