Friday, October 3, 2014
the reader is asking, I loved his money, now I can love him myself?
there are people who find themselves in relationships with people whom they don't love due to various reasons.
in this article, we are trying to show that psychologically, there is a big chance of these people engaging in true love with others if several things happen.
what are these things?
I have got a good question from one of my readers.
the question relates to the content of previous articles.
here I quote:
"how are you a psychologist?
first, a long story.
I was paying for my things in the supermarket today.
and now the cashier looked at my hand (I don't know if he saw the ring?)
he asked, 'sister are you married?'
I told him, yes!
he asks me, "can you be married to someone you don't love completely and after a while you love him?"
I told him, 'yes, maybe what you thought was not true or what was preventing you from loving someone is over or it was superficial.'
I replied to him that way but was surprised (since) he doesn't know me, why should he ask me a question like that?
then I asked him, have you experienced this?
he said, no.
my friend had three lovers and the one she married, she didn't love but her mother loved him.
first he is old!
I asked her, so she married her mother's choice?
she said, yes.
therefore I have reached the end of the railroad.
she laughed, I joked, "old age is the end, Msata, in the city everybody is young, if you have a catch there is no old age in the city.
she laughed and she said it's true that her husband has a lot of money.
the question coming is the one I was asked.
"so can you be married to someone that you don't love then you die and rot later or is it someone loving wealth?"
he concludes his question.
what are the researches saying about relationships?
first is to thank my reader for following the discussions of our blogs and to giving us his opinion.
it's a very comforting thing to see your contribution, I believe other readers will imitate your example to continue with the discussion.
let us go to your question.
like the way lovers love each other today they can find that they hate each other, it's the same way as those who don't love each other today they can find themselves being sincere lovers unexpectedly.
I explained in the previous articles that a relationship has the character of growing in an unexpected environment.
it is like fate this way.
we said, and we are repeating, that when you are in an environment of seeing a person time to time, proximity, step by step, the feelings of loving is created.
and you can find yourself even though from the beginning you thought he is not meant to be, through appearance or character, as you continue seeing him, that's they you continue changing your attitude towards him.
you find yourself rating him as good.
that's why we know people who found themselves marrying people who formerly were killing them.
we mentioned several reasons.
the bigger one is that though the human feature is to love what he understands best, as well it depends on how the person that you meet responds to your emotional expectations.
when he loves you, it is hard to hate him in a normal circumstance, human beings cannot persevere to hate the ones who love us.
when your perspectives are the same, that's how you get attracted to him because human beings love people who look the same.
when he shows that he trusts you, that's the way you continue to love him.
and so on.
how can you love the one who loves you?
now in that environment of getting married to someone you don't love, be it through pleasing others or for reasons that are not emotional like money, it's still very possible to find yourself loving him.
but that depends on the person that you find yourself living with, the way he puts an effort to respond to the needs of your feelings.
you can read here to know which are the major feelings of women.
and so forth, I remind you our debate about the three horns of relationships or love.
we said relationships have three ingredients: feelings of love, intimacy and decisions.
for a relationship that doesn't begin with love, the meaning is that whatever started with our triangle is decision, that is what a person decides to enter into a relationship with a person he doesn't love.
it is like it was in the era of our elders that a girl is caught and finds herself living with a person she doesn't expect.
later the girl finds herself loving the same same person who caught him by force.
that is to say, decision without love is quite capable to be the foundation of intimacy if the one that you married without love he has the capability of responding to your emotional needs like the way we previously explained.
so as he makes you to feel loved, feel you are worth, that's the way the feelings are attracting you to him and creates intimacy.
as intimacy continues, that is when the foundation of feelings of love that was not there previously.
that is to say, if you are married with someone whom did not have feelings for, may it because you loved the money or his status or being forced, still there is a big chance of finding yourself falling in love with like he does, in his position, he will have an earnest effort to recognize and respond to your needs.
but if he is unable to pay the cost of building the relationship with you, as it is normal for most expert men in Swahili, it is very possible for those relationships to continue being mechanical, that is the marriage to remain as an arrangement that will enable you to get money or other needs that are not related to the relationship or love.
maybe if this one who was married to the one she does not love will decide to invest adequately and to make the man see the difference of feelings, differences that will attract him to love her as she expects.
in total, love is a result of peace, perspective and character.
whatever you think is what you get.
and it's not the results of seeing a person correctly like many think.
but if you change your viewpoint and trust completely you can love anybody.
Twitter: @bwaya
written by
Christian Bwaya
