<no-speech>
the municipal council of Songea in Ruhuma province intends to ask the army of citizens of Tanzanian to help protect the water source of Kabirika which is in Matogoro that has continued to be badly damaged by residents who feed livestock and cultivate their crops up to that water source .
our correspondent Emmanuel Msigwa has prepared the following information .
for three consecutive years the department of forest in the municipal council of Songea in collaboration with various stakeholders of water in Songea have been planting trees and take care of water at this source of Kabirika but these efforts have failed because some of the residents overlook the importance of this water source by grazing their livestock and cultivate their farms without taking any measures .
because even if you look at those who are here you will find locals who have come here maybe five or six .
locals cannot come out here .
so when leaving this place those who tie their cattle here are coming to move all these wood and place them here so that they can continue to graze there .
thus the biggest problem is that the local themselves are not prepared on this matter .
that is why we started by cutting those trees and cultivating .
<no-speech>
we used to cultivate and we used to see as though to control the water appropriately .
that as we cultivate it is not ourselves -- and our demand is that we let water go on its pathway and channel .
it is not possible every year we bought and plant trees but someone else who just tie cattle .
so we are not ready for this matter .
we have the army and we have informed the provincial head about this water source along which we have been planting trees up to three years .
we have failed and we ask the armed forces to help us protect this water source .
meaning that the river will completely lack water and the result is that those six pumps will die out and we will not have water that can be dragged (()) and especially during drought .
in the previous years this water source of Kabirika was full of water but now it has lost its ability to retain water a situation that is threatening in the coming years this water source will completely dry up if it will not be preserved well and put back the town of Songea as a desert that lack true source of water as it was in the past .
my name is Emmanuel Msigwa Channel Ten Songea .
<no-speech>
