after Doctor Ulimboka, how about Doctor Mkopi?
July 19, 2012.
the former poet who is a Roman by birth, Italy and genius of Latin language, Publius Ovidius Naso, popular known as Ovid, he said that, "in the total, the best doctor among others (in the world) is time.
Publius who was born on 20 March, year 43 (before Christ) who is been thought to live between 58 and 60 years, he is right up to today.
it is true, due to some of our doctors strike in the country, still Publius is continuing to be right.
this concept of Publius is pushing me to discuss the issue of doctors in this country and the measures taken by the government officials.
in this regard, eliminating strike from some doctors and beating of Doctor Steven Ulimboka (chairman of the doctors association), there's a matter of being taken to court for Doctor.
Namala Mkopi (the chairperson of the Medical Association - MAT).
first, let me confess that Doctor Mkopi's question should be discussed without interfering with the judiciary freedom, because he is already in court.
for that reason, I will discuss the action taken by the state organs before Doctor Mkopi is taken to court.
that is, I will discuss or question the precision of the reasons which persuaded the government officials to plan to arrest him in order to bring Doctor Mkopi to court.
basically, at the point of arresting Doctor Mkopi, there are many questions to ask yourself about involving government officials on one hand, but also by looking at his fellow doctors on the other hand.
let us ask ourselves these questions as we remember the poetry message of Publius that the best physician in the world is time.
regarding question number one.
this first question is about the decision of the state organs to arrest and sue Doctor Namala Mkopi.
in this first question, a number of arguments arise.
for example, what is the structure of the Medical Association of Tanzania (MAT)?
if you ask yourself the question you will note the structure mentions the chairman, the secretary, and the executive committee.
that means, anything about MAT cannot be a chairman's decision and in a particular setting it makes more sense to involve the secretary than the chairman because the secretary is the chief executive.
so, based on that structure, why has the chairman been arrested instead of the secretary?
from the beginning, with regard to media reports, mentions about doctors and striking were not issued by the chairman alone, but involved the secretary and the MAT executive committee in general.
think of it, why is it that the chairman is arrested?
without doubt, the right decision based on the government's perspective should be either to sue the entire MAT executive committee or the MAT secretary alone or both of them in general.
prosecuting Doctor Mkopi alone will be unfair.
arresting Doctor Mkopi is an offense to government officials.
it is a proof of what is called 'laziness' to accurately analyze things.
tiredness that is facing many government officials right now.
retired president Benjamin Mkapa once said that this kind of tiredness is mental laziness.
any command concerning any institution, (again a written order) including the one for calling off the strike is suppose to be written to the secretary of the relevant institution and the reason evidently being that the secretary is the executive and not the chairperson.
if the institution is been accuse, it means 'thoughts' that build up those accusations believe in the performance "that is unacceptable" of the relevant institution.
if so, it is definitely to be brought to court not Chairman Doctor.
Mkopi, who is also the only secretary or the chairperson and secretary in togetherness or all the committee for working of MAT.
this first question shows us a vacuum of thoughts among government officials.
regarding question number two.
the second question is, what have the state organs researched about Doctor Mkopi?
they claim he participated through MAT to encourage strike and even failed to prevent it.
what kind of setup influences (the state) to believe so?
there are detailed information among doctors that Doctor.
Mkopi wasn't participating in doctors' strike despite his colleagues participating in the strike.
I've talked to those close to Doctor Mkopi, who have been closely monitoring this issue of doctors' strike.
they confirm Doctor Mkopi did not participate in the strike but participated in helping to end the strike.
you may ask yourself, why didn't he participate in the strike?
there are reasons, and among those reasons is probably the type of patients he was treating and who he still treating.
but another factor is probably the desire of his heart.
Doctor Mkopi has been treating young children with cancer diseases.
his colleagues say his heart was "heavy" to strike against children with cancer at the Muhimbili National Hospital.
in this regard, some of his colleagues began telling him that as the chairman of the MAT he is betraying them, but he didn't care about that.
for him, the priority was treating children with cancer diseases.
Doctor Mkopi who was a pupil in Mapambano Primary School, Sinza in Dar es Salaam City and Tambaza and Azania Secondary schools (Dar es Salaam) for form one to four and form five to six, the doctor's calling did not persuade him to flee children who were suffering from cancer.
he treated the children he knew was a nation of tomorrow and if he had left them, then he would have "to answer" in the presence of the Almighty God.
in this context let's ask ourselves, can he encourage a strike capable of suing him personally rather than the institution (MAT)?
as poet Publius explained, time will provide answers.
it is still clear, the state has failed to investigate this issue.
certainly, it is a demonstration of unresponsiveness and lack of discretion within the custom system of the government.
if there were reasonable ideas and taking into account the position of Doctor.
Mkopi in the event of the strike, he should be charged with his secretary or the entire executive committee of MAT.
regarding question number three,
we saw a crowd of doctors that had gathered after Doctor Steven Ulimboka was brought to Muhimbili for treatment after abduction and torture.
I don't support Doctor Ulimboka beatings and the torture the same way, I don't support anybody undergoing such acts, in this country that is claimed to be peaceful and stable.
but I was happy with the solidarity and the unity among the doctors.
I expected doctors to appear there when Doctor Mkopi was arraigned in court with the same vigor.
it's true the doctors showed up at Kisutu court, but not with a similar vitality as of Doctor
Ulimboka.
what interpretation does this give?
interpretations can be multiple.
for example, it's possible since then doctors didn't have faith in Doctor Mkopi, probably because he was treating cancerous children all the time of the strike (he didn't strike).
but it's possible some of the doctors didn't arrive there (Kisitu court) because of other responsibilities or personal emergencies.
but it's also possible others thought it was good he was arrested despite his kindness of not striking.
the government was required to investigate this environment.
about the number four question.
question number four concerns the position of Doctor Mkopi after returning from the State House where the talks between MAT and the Doctors Association took place on one side with President Jakaya Kikwete on the other side.
after coming back from State House, Doctor Mkopi meet with the doctors.
in a special way, despite there being feelings that, the doctor's panel which came from State House has been sent to call off the strike, it is Doctor Mkopi who in a big way, persuaded his colleagues to return back to work (at least for several weeks).
in other meaning, is Doctor Mkopi who urge some of the doctors to take their faith back in the hope that, their grieves will be worked on after some of their colleagues meet with the President.
a person like this who brings back hope in that level especially in hard environment for been doubt by his colleague, cannot cause the strike.
in other way, a person of this character will continue to look for solution.
it is possible even inside the institute (MAT) Doctor Mkopi was persuading his colleagues to look for a solution.
law enforcement agencies were supposed to investigate Doctor Mkopi's position inside MAT before taking action against him personally.
with no doubt, the time shall tell as he said, poet Publius.
about question number five
the fifth question is about the general behavior of charging Doctor Mkopi in his position as the chairman.
his being charged is associated to his position in MAT.
without a doubt, other characters, as I had said earlier, were supposed to be here or it's only him (Doctor
Mkopi) and his secretary general or both of them and the executive committee of MAT.
by bad luck the accused is Doctor Mkopi who if those children suffering from cancer are questioned or the their parents, without a doubt they will remember Doctor.
Doctor Mkopi treated you during the strike so he never went on strike.
those children or their parents will be saddened whenever they hear that the doctor who had treated them is the one charged for instigating the strike.
this environment should have been researched by Commonwealth institutions.
the way things are, the content of the fifth question in this article brings us a message, Doctor Mkopi is being tortured psychologically.
by bad luck, many of us are hurt by the suffering underwent by Doctor Ulimboka but we don't care about the psychological pain being experienced by Doctor Mkopi.
the pain that many can recognize is maybe the children that he used to treat for cancer in Muhimbili.
my call is that, the government officials should research on this question keenly.
God bless Tanzania, God bless Africa
