we have lost an opportunity with Obama
July 05, 2013
finally president Barack Obama has visited Tanzania.
the fact that Obama has an African ancestry makes his visit to some of the countries of this continent to have a unique attraction.
but maybe if we put aside the joy of the visits by the first American president who is black American, and the fact that it is a great occurrence to be visited by a leader of the world super power, it is important to look at other more important matters related to the visit.
maybe before I get deep into this discussion, let me talk about an incident that engulfed me on Twitter.
Monday, just after Obama arrived in Dar, I found myself getting into 'a war of words' with one British Broadcasting Company (BBC) journalist who is a Tanzanian like me.
what caused the war of words is he was angered by my tweets which mostly inclined on looking at heavy matters about the visit instead of the excitement that accompanied it.
for example, I tried to arouse curiosity on how a common Tanzanian will gain from the visit.
again I re-tweeted several tweets from different people who were viewing Obama's visit with a different perspective, particularly in matters of human rights, corruption and many others.
that did not please that gentleman, and he bitterly attacked me, accusing me of lack of patriotism 'I am used by the white' (though he is an employee of a white people company).
anyway, I finally decided to just ignore him for despite of him being a journalist (who was supposed to basically value my freedom of expression), appeared to oppress my constitutional rights to give ideas so long as they don't offend or abuse anyone.
the incident was just one of the ones that accompanied Obama's visit.
the other day, when the leader arrived in Tanzania, at least two great American newspapers - The New York Times and USA Today had heavy news about Tanzania.
those newspapers through their writers who came home to do the coverage of Obama's visit wrote different issues that puts in doubt the image of our country.
depending on the interviews they did with people of different cadres at home, the newspapers talked about the act of hijacking Doctor Ulimboka, the killings of Padre Evaristus Mushi in Zanzibar, Arusha bomb attack and prime minister Mizengo Pinda's opinion to allow police to beat up crooked citizens.
different from those great newspapers in and out of America, most of our newspapers at home (except this profound one) appeared to direct all of their minds to the logistics of Obama's visit, especially on the issue of his security.
trending news on our newspapers about that visit leaned on the number of vehicles on Obama's convoy, planes that came (and their sizes), the number of secret service agents and such like things.
true, Tanzanians were supposed to be informed on how the president of America is guarded, but they would also really wish to know the benefits of the visit to their country.
similarly, the citizens could have been done great service by our newspapers if they emulated New York Times and USA Today for using Obama's visit to inform the world about different matters that bothers us in development, for example corruption, human rights violation and many others.
but we can go far beyond blaming some of our news writers who move around with sensational stories without caring about the lack of its benefits to the public.
we should remember that it is just recently our country received another great international visitation after being visited by president Xi Jinping of China.
government reports expressed that during the visit, several contracts were signed between the two countries (China and Tanzania).
till now the contracts have remained secret.
maybe the situation will be different in this Obama visit from the fact that our Chinese counterparts are still courting secrecy, the matter of citizen's rights to receive and share information is not allowed.
to America, maybe what would be hidden from us is the contract of security secrets, but in real situations we can be informed many agreements between that country and ours following Obama's visit.
but the big problem and the one that makes me to personally view Obama's visit as just an act of being happy about but might not have any importance, it is true that our poverty does not come from lack of donor funding from sponsor nations.
according to recent statistics, for a long time Tanzania has been in the third position worldwide after Afghanistan and Iraq for receiving international aid.
