like in Burundi .
fugitive now then .
<no-speech>
fugitive is over .
you are Tanzanians .
<no-speech>
Tanzania received the first refugees from Burundi after wars and tribal killings between Wagungi and Watusi in March of the year one thousand nine hundred and seventy-two and confined them in Tabora province at the Camp of (()) the first one in the employment of refugees from Burundi .
following continued tribal fighting in Burundi the insurgence of refugees in Tanzania increased .
the year one thousand nine hundred and seventy-three Tanzania opened a new refugee camp of Katumba in Mpanda district and the residences of the refugees in Mishamo was opened in Mpanda district after flooding occurred at the Unyankuru Camp in Tabora province .
we thank the country of Tanzania for giving citizenship back to our country .
that was the truth of this country .
bless the leaders of Tanzania .
<misc>
in this ceremony to thank the Tanzanian government for giving more than one hundred and sixty-two thousand and fifty-eight refugees from Burundi citizenship the representative of the international organization of assisting refugees in the world U_N_H_C_R (()) has said Tanzania is the leading country in the world in granting citizenship to many people at once .
no state has ever granted citizenship to a group of refugees of this size at once .
there is no country or any nation that has ever offered citizenship to refugees in such a big number .
minister of internal affairs of the country honorable Mathias Chikawe has said the government of Tanzania together with being the world's leaders in giving patriotic citizenship a priority .
eventually a historic decision was made by the largest number of people getting citizenship at once .
<no-speech>
it has never happened anywhere in the world until this day .
<no-speech>
there is no country has received refugees and grant them citizenship %incomplete
by a large number like one hundred sixty-two thousand and fifty-eight it has never happened .
it is only Tanzania .
first we Tanzanians and you our fellow Tanzanians came to support us we are very privileged to be given this Tanzanian citizenship by the Revolutions Party .
<misc>
