"don't turn parliament into an action field like in Bongo movies" Mark Mwandosya
the acting leader of government business in parliament, Professor Mark Mwandosya has wanted members of parliament not to turn parliament into an acting area, as a result of their opinions that they present when they give their contributions.
he gave that opinion yesterday after there were heated exchanges between members of parliament when they were debating the motion on approving the basic treaty and regulations of public service and administration in the African continent, which was sent to parliament by the Minister in the Office of the President (Management of Public Service) Celina Kombani.
those who are abusing AG Professor Mwandosya rebuked members of parliament for using unnecessary speeches and gave an example of some members of parliament who attacked the Attorney General, George Masaju and said that action has no profit to the welfare of that parliament.
that politician reminded members of parliament that AG is the only person, who enters into all the pillars of authority which are government, parliament and the judiciary, an issue whose importance he wanted them to see.
there are members of parliament here who stood and rebuked the Attorney General that he isn't their lawyer, so he shouldn't correct them.
"I am saying here we are wrong, this is our lawyer here in parliament" said Professor Mwandosya.
he said even if members of parliament have their parliamentary lawyer, he doesn't enter parliament, therefore they must listen to the advice of the Attorney General when they are in various debates.
let me say that none is above the law, but under the law, there is an Attorney General, we better respect him," said Professor Mwandosya.
respect in parliament also he wanted members to tolerate one another and abandon surprising speeches, which can make the citizens believe that parliament is an acting field.
"well let's not make the citizens believe that parliament is an acting field, here we are honorable and we are wanted to respect each other and tolerate one another," said Professor Mwandosya.
earlier, before that speech from Professor Mwandosya, the Member of Parliament for Muhambwe Felix Mkosamali (NCCR-Mageuzi) attacked the Member of Parliament for Lushoto, Doctor Henry Shekifu that he can't give arguments with substance in parliament because he has fake academic certificates.
that speech from Mkosamali came out of Doctor Shekifu having called that member of parliament a child, therefore he should have respect for some members of parliament and for the things that are done by the government of CCM.
they engaged in an exchange in parliament as a result of that speech, Mkosamali stood up and asked to inform that member of parliament "honorable chair I am asking the member of parliament to stop calling me a child, I am a member of parliament who won with many votes and I lead a region like him."
"I am a member of parliament here and not a child, firstly this member of parliament doesn't know anything because he has never refuted the book and Msemakweli whom he is accusing of having a fake degree and so can't contribute a basic thing to this bill," said Mkosamali.
that speech by Mkosamali made Doctor Shekifu stand up and say he has forgiven that member of parliament because his speeches show that he is still a child.
