Mgimwa to vie for parliamentarian in CCM.
December 2nd, 2014.
the Revolutionary Party (CCM) has approved Mister Godfrey Mgimwa who is the son to the former finance minister and the Kalenga parliamentarian, Iringa village district, the late Doctor William Mgimwa, to vie for the parliamentarian of that county.
the parliamentary by-election has been planned to take place on March 16th this year, after the former parliamentarian, Doctor Mgimwa passed away in South Africa.
Mister Mgimwa won in the referendum polls inside that party after getting 342 and beating his other eight opponents including the head of Pangani district, Tanga province Miss Hapsa Mtasiwa who got 42 votes.
Miss Mtasiwa is also the commander of the Union of the Youth of that party, UVCCM Iringa villages.
the others are Mister
Jackson Kiswaga who is also a guardian of young pioneers Iringa district, who got 170 votes and Mister
Msaphiri Pamagila who is the chairperson of the tobacco Association in the province who got eight votes.
the election on referendum polls took place and involved 669 delegates from 13 wards of that county, where there were 9 contestants all vying for that position.
speaking after emerging the winner of that position, Mister Mgimwa said if he will win the parliamentary seat of that county, he will continue the development process to the citizens that were left by his late father.
he thanked the delegates who approved his name during the tough contest of nine candidates and deciding that he was fit to be the CCM contestant at the election.
"if I will get lucky to win the parliamentary seat, I will start the development processes for the citizens with a shocking speed without faltering. I urge the citizens of this county to unite in all development activities," he said.
while speaking about his education, Mister Mgima said he has a degree in business and economics and a doctorate degree in business and economics that he attained in America where for now he's a bank employee.
while announcing the results, the returning officer who is also the chairperson of Kilolo District Council Mister Joseph Muumba said, Mister Gabriel Kalinga got 90 votes, Mister Peter Mtisi (13), Msaphiri Pamagile (8), Mister Edward Mtakimwa (3), Braison Kibasa (2) and Thomas Mwikuke (2).
