yes .
<no-speech>
Zubeida is there anyone you have seen -- have you seen anyone talking to Victor ?
were they saying I know him .
there are things we talked about him .
where did you meet ?
<no-speech>
we met in -- in our university <foreign> he is a stud -- he was a student in (()) Beijing university .
so off to school he goes -- he (()) we communicate quit often .
so we knew each other well .
and he is currently at work .
so Swahili has enabled him to get employment .
yes .
teacher you have seen China and Victor has talked to his sister who is at Startimes but also there are others from Eastern Africa .
there is that sister there she is a presenter from Tanzania but there is another one there from Kenya therefore there are Tanzanians who are there because of spreading Swahili language but also to do various activities .
therefore it is also an opportunity or an association that is run between Tanzania and China .
what do you have to talk in relation to what we watched .
it is true honestly I am so happy today I have seen that this association should continue of Tanzanians going to China and even involving themselves in various things .
because several of them have gone there to put Swahili in Chinese frame .
eh that it shows the good results of our language that the same way someone understands in his language he gets the theme of the film .
and I think too it is and opportunity for Tanzanians or for the country for the government -- for our government precisely this issue of (()) that we have a university totally for Swahili language .
meaning we don't include them -- include them in universities .
meaning if it is possible the country should completely put up .
if you know you have things that honors you he says is the university for foreign languages .
because this is a university that is completely independent it does not have any other course .
therefore I think when they come here themselves (()) totally there is a Swahili university here .
it has been put up in Dodoma it has been put up in Tabora it has been put up anywhere in our country .
(()) when they are there it is wholly language .
meaning if it is Swahili it is wholly Swahili .
it gives also gives them an opportunity to learn .
they don't mix up with people from other courses .
there (()) only .
I think it is possible through I think this science <foreign> it is possible things happen .
and just teachers teach these languages they (()) we are talking were you happy when you were teaching them those noun classes aren't they ?
eh in singular and plural (()) A-WA U_I I-ZI Li-YA KI-VI eh ?
and so on you were happy .
and they are saying that they are admitting you into the university Swahili I said the difficulty is in grammar .
they say grammar is the rule in Swahili .
-- grammar is the guiding principle .
there may be prefixes there are illustrations yes there are verbs .
we look at the relationship between words especially -- nouns and verbs .
we say grammatical coordination .
I was teaching them there at Sharifa's .
Sharifa you said earlier on you too like films that attracted you .
are there any other Swahili films or plays you have watched ?
or have been translated from Chinese to Swahili ?
I watched -- your television your name is Life of Dodo and -- Father's life .
it -- it is very good .
I can learn Swahili from it .
because I once read the Chinese language and also I liked to watch the Swahili language .
I can know more about Swahili .
Maudodo the play Maudodo and his mothers-in-law is a play that our viewers here T_B_C used to enjoy .
and when we are talking about Swahili we are talking inside it we have artwork there is music there are issues of even -- also our traditions talks about Swahili as a tradition .
there is native music as well .
but there is also writing on the issue of books on %incomplete
there are a lot of things .
especially maybe Zubeda which kind of art attracts you that is done in Swahili ?
(()) maybe it is a song .
music .
music .
eh I -- I once -- hear -- I once heard many Swahili songs by stars -- music stars like Diamond or Lady Jaydee .
you heard them when you were in China ?
mm yes .
and do you like can you maybe sing in Swahili ?
eh I can sing just a little bit .
let us hear entertain us .
we can sing together .
Angel .
Angel I love you Angel .
Angel I love you Angel .
what should I do .
<no-speech>
I could have married you Angel .
dear T_B_C One viewer the program is Lulu za Kiswahili and today we are talking Swahili to the guests .
and we have Zubeda Tang together with Sharifa Cheng .
these are students who are learning Swahili in the university of Dar es Salaam and they are learning .
