Celine Dion has made this statement after the boy from Gabon performs wonders of her song
already luck has fallen to a 17-year-old boy from Gabon after a Pop musician from Canada, Mrs. Celine Dion explains that she is ready to meet the boy who fulfilled his dreams in the music scene.
the boy known as Samuel, his video has given rise to popularity in the social media it is also after being shaken by Pop star lady Celine Dion who shared it through her account where it has been seen by millions of people all over the world while still praising it and others going furher asking Celine Dion to take the boy in her work.
on her Facebook page, Celine Dion wrote: Samuel, your talent is too big, like your voice.
I hope we have the opportunity to meet one day."
wrote Celine Dion on her Facebook page and compiled the piece of song.
she added: "I have been touched by the spread of my songs to the whole world.
I hope we have a chance to meet one day.
continue your dream and one day will come true.
more is singing from the heart, sing music all the time, because you have no limits "wrote Celine Dion
the same song was ever played by Sister Jennifer, Celine Dion was popular with it in 1993.
the video of the boy from Gabon, Samuel for the first time was placed on a famous blog of the country before Celine Dion was published it on her Facebook page where more than 2.5 million people have been able to watch so far.
however, the boy spoke to the AFP news agency where he was surprised to see such a message from the World Musician.
"I did not expect anything
I do not have a phone or a Facebook account
but my brother told me that Celine Dion had sent a message via my video.
I believe too and I could meet her one day.
explained the boy, Samuel
at the moment the boy says he feels comfortable singing and now people across the street know him.
Samuel said that he started singing to himself during times when he was at school breaks.
"others could not believe that I can sing.
when they entered class, they began to congratulate every time they found me singing "explained the boy to the BBC correspondent.
