the constitutional review commission continues with the collection of the citizens' opinions whereby the commission has explained facing various challenges in Ruvuma province among them a small number of women participants attending the meetings for collecting opinions .
our writer Katherine Nyoni gives us more information .
<no-speech>
speaking with journalists at Songea municipality the chairman of the fifth group in the constitutional review commission Professor Mwesija Baregu said statistics show that out of eight thousand nine hundred and fifteen who came out to attend the commission's meetings in the two districts of Tunduru and Namtumbo there are only one thousand nine hundred and forty-nine women just equal to twenty-one point nine percent .
it's only a few who come and then a few give their opinions .
women .
and many times for very briefly (()) that is they come or with -- one or two people but when they return we tell the men some times to leave out them out and to write the others because they maybe having a list of maybe twenty issues -- but the women have only two or maybe three issues mostly -- that is important .
the national constitutional review commission chairman retired Judge Joseph Warioba has said the commission needs views of women and special groups so that the constitution found will have involved all sides equally .
and we got the thoughts of those few who spoke .
<no-speech>
and they represent the thoughts of women .
<no-speech>
for example if you talk about -- when we talk about justice the ideas we got from the women are that they want justice -- of equality .
if it is owning land if it is to inherit the problems of widows have especially been stipulated very well by women .
in this collection of views in Ruvuma province the commission expects to hold not less than seventy-two meetings in a total of seventy-two wards in five districts of Ruvuma province which are Tunduru and Mtumbo Nyasa Mbinga and Songea .
Katherine Nyoni T_B_C Songea .
