the revolution of agriculture or agriculture of revolution?
October 30th, 2014.
this article has resulted from the topic I submitted on the commemoration of world food day that was organized by the network of groups of small farmers in Tanzania (MVIWATA) and took place at the ICE hall, Sokoine University (SUA) on October 16th, 2014, under the motto "family agriculture: feeding the world and protecting the environment".
so, will the dream come true?
from the length of the topic itself, I have decided to divide it into three articles which will come out in three continuous weeks.
I really thank you, the network of a group of small farmers in Tanzania for inviting me to submit the topic at these commemorations.
although I was invited on short notice, I agreed to come for two reasons.
the first reason is because I wanted to learn.
I usually learn a lot every time I meet sweat breakers be it in the buses, stones or forums, concerning suffering being caused by the cruel system of modern day liberation, together with the means of combating it.
therefore, my work will be to stir up the topic of debate.
my second reason for coming is that, this week is a special week.
it is a week that the vulnerable from Africa are commemorating the deaths of two prominent people of the fight for the vulnerable.
those are teacher Julius Kambarage Nyerere and Thomas Sankara who was the Burkina Faso leader.
the teacher died on October 14th, 1999.
Sankara was cruelly killed on October 15th, 1987.
these heroes are people who had taken a vow to break down capitalism and dictatorship, together with the institutions that served them.
therefore then, today is also a day to meditate on their thoughts and their fighting strategies so as to use them to advance the fight against this cruel system.
the sages said that "the good do not last"!
this week is also the commemoration of the 70 years of the dummy called World Bank.
this dummy born in 1944 had the responsibility of resurrecting economies in the European countries after being damaged severely during the World War Two, which was started by the dictators themselves.
I don't know who gave it the mandate to be the World Bank.
in his lifetime, Nyerere struggled to kill this worthless thing by claiming a new world economic system (New International Economic Order).
Nyerere's efforts were killed by the then American President Ronald Reagan who rejected the new system.
Sankara wanted the African leaders to unite so as to boycott paying the debts which the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) were forcing Africa to pay.
those debts are fraudulent and the finances have been stolen from poor countries.
while addressing the African Union meeting in the year 1987, Sankara said, "we are required to boycott together, so as to prevent being assassinated one by one".
but if Burkina Faso boycotts alone, I will not be here during the next meeting.
and that is what happened.
he was cruelly killed the same year by being betrayed by his assistant, Blaisse Compaore, who was being used by the dictators.
but the struggles by Nyerere and Sankara are not dead.
this week, there are activists gathered in different cities in the world to pray for the death of the World Bank.
they are saying that this bank did not deserve to live for 70 years, and it is about time World Bank died a normal death.
if it will not cease, then at least it should retire forcefully!
so, what wrong has the World Bank done to deserve a death punishment?
yes, it has committed unforgivable sins.
it is this bank, together with IMF that forced poor countries in the world to follow the destructive and looting policies of modern day liberation.
