the government explains the plan of Tanzania to continue the research of biotechnology.
Prime Minister of the Agricultural Ministry, Luggage and Fishing, Doctor Turuka said the government of Tanzania will continue with the investigation of biotechnology together with implementing the project of Stand Upright.
that project is engaging with the investigation of maize seeds in the country.
Turuka said that, on behalf of the minister of that ministry, when he was opening the meeting for eight project of maize A that is enduring drought and fight against insects of WEMA, today morning in Dar es Salaam city.
three-day meeting, has bring together researcher from Africa countries, to consider the job done of project for last year.
he said the period of research for normal way of maize has been complete and six new type A of maize has been found, and right now by following instructions for living things safety, will start research of maize through a way of engineering.
policy and regulations are there, we will do research of GMO and the result of research will give out the direction of our plan for farming," said Doctor Turuka.
in other process, Doctor Turuka want the maize seed researcher in the country, to make sure those good seed they do research with, are getting to farmers earlier.
"the government is satisfy with this project of WEMA because it helps the farmer to get good seeds which can withstand dryness and cannot be destroyed by sickness," said Doctor Turuka.
he said by using good seed which come out through that research, a farmer can get 8.5 tones of maize in one hectare and he emphasize that, if those seeds will not reach to a farmer earlier, that project will not be helping the government.
Doctor Turuka said the government is looking closely into the rules and regulations for giving researchers a wide field without polluting the environment and endangering the citizens' lives in the process of carrying out their research.
the executive director of the National Science and Technology Commission (COSTECH), Doctor Hassan Mashinda said the seed research gives an opportunity to farmers to get better seeds and that the research that was done in partnership with researchers from various countries has shown great success.
the coordinator of WEMA project, Doctor Alois Kullaya said the project started in the year 2008 and that they've been using current methods to get better seed.
he said Tanzania and other countries are already released 59 seeds whereby in the country there are only six seeds which are produced.
he added that South Africa have already legalized the use of GMO seeds.
