Africa can't escape donations - Kikwete.
Harieth Makweta, Citizen, hmakweta@mwananchi.co.tz.
Dar es Salaam. the forth term president Jakaya Kikwete has said that African countries can't escape donations from European countries because those donations are their historical responsibility.
Kikwete said that yesterday during the launch of a two day meeting discussing 17 new objectives of the United Nations that concern 'sustainable development for 2030'.
the meeting has put efforts to discuss the 16th objective that urges rights, peace and associative societies, especially in legal governance issues as the yeast to sustainable development.
Kikwete said that duty is supposed to be continued because the development of European countries came from the resources they took from Africa during the colonial period.
he said the African countries have enough natural resources and therefore, for them to work, there is still need for investment which will uplift industries and grow the economy of the African countries, and without that, it will take a long time to reach far economically.
however, he said African countries must put in place procedures on how to receive those donations, but the aim should be to benefit the locals and by following the laws of the countries and international ones.
"the donations we're talking about do not have to be financial, but we need them to invest more in legal contracts that protect the locals. for example, we have enough natural resources in Tanzania like gas, minerals and others but all these need to be extracted and processed.
we must give them a chance to effect but through laws that will protect Tanzanians," said Kikwete.
that statement from Kikwete comes after the fifth term President John Magufuli has already put a stand in his several speeches, urging Tanzania to be self-dependent by a huge percentage instead of relying on foreign aid.
while putting the foundation stone to a flyover at the junction of Mandela and Nyerere roads in TAZARA areas, President Magufuli called the donors' aid 'mocking bread' saying it is better to eat cassava instead of eating that bread.
even though he didn't clarify or speak in detail about that statement, he made it a few days since the American Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) suspended aid worth 472.8 American dollars, close to 1 trillion shillings on allegations that Tanzania violated democracy principles by repeating the Zanzibar election and failing to manage the cybercrimes law.
also, President Magufuli on March 29th while in Mlimani village, Chato District in Geita Province said that the biggest duty that is ahead of the Tanzanians for now is uniting and being self-reliant in development so that everyone ensures an increase in production and performance at their work place.
"therefore, we must rely on ourselves, and if we do so, everyone should be responsible where ever they are. a worker should should work diligently, a farmer should farm diligently, a trader should trade diligently, a breeder should breed diligently, a fisherman should fish diligently and we will cross over Tanzania," he said.
the meeting was organized by the International Development Law Organization (IDLO) with its headquarters in Italy, whose custodian in Tanzania is the third term retired president, Benjamin Mkapa.
speaking during that meeting, Mkapa said that for any country to develop, there must be a citizens' constitution that will not focus on one group.
"previously, many African countries had no citizens' constitution and instead there was a party's constitution which for now remains in only dictatorial countries. for now, we focused on putting in place policies and strict strategies so as to implement new world objectives under the new United Nations compass of the world's developments," said Mkapa.
the state minister, Office of the President, Service and Good Administration, Angela Kairuki said as it is for African countries' agenda, a country can't have good legal administration if there isn't a good access to the law.
"you must put in place good systems to resolve conflicts too, the issuance of permits without bribes, and even in investment, without good laws protecting that side, it is difficult for investors to be present," said Kairuki.
the executive director of IDLO, Irene Khan said that meeting put efforts to discuss rights, peace and associative societies.
"the objective is to have a new world development compass that focuses on eradicating poverty, protecting the environment, fighting the climatic changes and involving all groups in the society in development matters," said Khan.
