technology will take our jobs and if we want it will make them.
it is possible I am the only one who hasn't heard of the government's efforts to cultivate friendly working conditions when we get to the world which everything will be run by machines.
two years ago, I heard our neighbors Kenya are designing a technology village for the purpose of getting ready for the new world of technology.
we have heard our colleagues Rwanda, have made the laptops that they are using themselves.
what about us?
technology is taking people's careers and it is not a joke.
I remember approximately eight years ago when I was joining this company, there were many workers.
the newsroom was filled up with especially people.
it is like half of those people are not at work but the newspaper comes out with a high quality standard.
many positions have been taken up by technology from writing up to the arrangement of pages.
I don't even want to talk about publishing.
those who started writing in the previous years know how the queue to get the newspaper out used to be long.
these news were written on paper, then typed on a type writer and went on to land on the newspaper page.
these days it isn't a must to write even on the computer, a writer can remove their cell phone wherever they are and send news directly to the newsroom.
how many people have lost jobs here?
undoubtedly very many because their positions have been taken up by the machine.
the work that was being done by four people is now being done by one person.
but we should ask ourselves how technology is taking our jobs then we will get a solution to generate other jobs.
I know technology is taking our jobs by making them easy.
it's not like that job gets rid off, but it gets simplified by the machine.
therefore maybe if you decide to find the solutions to the problems we have you can create jobs for yourself by inventing a certain technology.
for example, there are farms that are being cultivated by tractors that are being driven by a machine and not people.
this means, the farming is there and will continue to be present, only that what will avail jobs is inventing technology that will create jobs for the next 20 years.
our jobs will be available if we will arise to invent our own technologies to simplify our troubles.
invention will employ us and make for us guaranteed income in future.
if we wait for technology to be brought to us from abroad.
we will employ experts from abroad because they will be the ones who will have the knowledge.
