2009 if we make up our mind, we'll manage May 29, 2012
year 2008 is coming to an end in books of history.
it is a year that in whatever measures remain to be historic as a result of the various events that have left their marks in the lives and hearts of our citizens.
this ending year has been memorable for many things, both good and bad, of joy and of sorrow, of laughter and of crying!
it is a year that if we wanted to repeat it, we would find ourselves faced with the argument of choosing whether the good that happened outweighs the bad.
I give my condolences to our readers who like me this year, have lost people close to them, siblings, relatives and friends we have grown up with, and those who have lost their spouses and their children or their parents.
these are sorrows that are part of our lives as humans, but it is a grief that one cannot get used to or predict.
it is God himself who is our comfort and our fortress in times of tribulations.
to whom we submit and pray for mercy for all the lost souls, Amen.
I also congratulate with a hand of blessing all those who in their various capacities, stood to implement their roles in servicing their country.
there are thousands of public servants who with a doubt are finishing the year with a clear conscience before them and before the God of their faith, that they faithfully did that which their country mandated them to do.
the names of the majority of them are not mentioned in public and what they did are not welcomed in the council.
them that made the nation progress and reach where it is today.
are they that despite the hard economic times, despite the various wrangles and the challenges in their personal lives, wake up every morning thinking about service to their nation.
are they whose names are not mentioned during thanksgiving when the leaders are recognized and that when the books of history will be written, they may even not be mentioned.
these brothers of mine are the hidden strength that has been propelling the nation's agenda and grant us hope that we too can make it.
to these, we thank them for the service that has been worthy of praise in our nation for this past year, without you, without a doubt many things could not have been accomplished and this fight against corrupt people and corruption in the country would not have reached here.
we thank you.
together with them, all the same we have no option but to confess the sole goal of all who lead the nation and various departments at a time when corrupt individuals almost took over leadership by force with impunity.
we got to a point where we perceived some individuals in the country to be untouchable, cannot be questioned or criticized but there are those that despite their personal shortcomings and even the limitations of their positions, have tried to do all that is expected of them!
in a special way we must acknowledge the role of the Parliamentary Select Committee led by Doctor Harrison Mwakyembe and his colleagues and also Attorney General Johnson Mwanyika's team.
these two teams to a great extend give us a little sense of pride for public service.
we cannot say much without acknowledging the contribution of the various members of parliament who have stood firm in managing the affairs of the nation and demonstrated to us the differences existing among legislatures that we have.
we now know who is the real 'defender' of our country and who exactly is
'defender' of his embezzlement and of his friends!
this past year has drawn a distinction between people's representatives and the representatives of the parties!
today there are no conflicts between who is "ours" and who is "theirs."
we have come to the end of this year knowing well that if there is a sector of the nation that has faced enormous challenges is the police department and the department of National Security and the Prevention and Combating of Crime Bureau (PCCB).
these three organs in a special way are responsible for ensuring us as a nation continue to remain in a state of tranquility, peace and under the rule of the law.
these organs together with the department of the prosecutor are to a large extend responsible for ensuring our country remains as one, and a place where every Tanzanian feels safe.
for a long time we have been writing how these institutions have been failing us and made us question if they really have capacity to accomplish their duties.
it's true that we have experienced many challenges that we believe if these instruments could be doing their work accordingly in the past, we could not be here.
that was the main basis of our criticism especially on the security of the nation.
we believe that any place where such departments are weak, then corrupt leadership prevails.
we have witnessed in various areas in the world and now our place is an example.
together with our criticism, one issue that we have been recognizing is the special place of these instruments and as a result the prevailing environment, the sensitivity of their roles should be appreciated and their enormous contribution towards achieving today's fight against corruption recognized.
IGP said Mwema, National Security Director Rashid Othman, Doctor Edward Hosea of PCCB and State Attorney General Mwanyika have worked in a hostile environment with enormous challenges.
their departments have carried huge responsibilities of ensuring that corrupt individuals and their progeny do not prevail!
despite the fact that they themselves are faced with a number of questions that still need answers we have to acknowledge and accept their efforts that have shown fruit in the form of desire.
they still have a big responsibility to accomplish the fight against corruption, the murdering of albinos, robbery among others.
whatever the case, we have to acknowledge and accept their contribution this year.
we also acknowledge to a large extend the special contribution of the President of the Republic Jakaya Kikwete and under him, the whole top leadership of the country in how despite various incidences that could have shaken a country like Zimbabwe, have been keenly, firmly and assertively addressed here.
it's clear without a doubt, that it's as a result of his leadership style which is new to most of us, that we can see the various things that some of us believed won't happen.
in this approach, we believe this coming year 2009, we will see many prominent people standing in the dock.
all that is a historical connection between the wishes of the citizens and the courage of the rulers' leadership.
in all that has happened this year that have made us proud and of emerging from far to restore our dignity, we must confess that we too "can."
all these happenings and many others and as a result of various people's contributions to the public service and outside the country, we must again confess with our heads raised high with confidence that we can.
we can lead well!
we can argue, we can manage our resources, we can develop good strategies that we can implement, and that we can build a modern nation on our parent's land.
it is this courageous heart that we must cultivate in our people.
we should not be fast to rush out in search of solutions to our problems.
the issue of ATCL for instance is a matter that is within our might to attend to, as well as the issue on energy and some of the infrastructure are within our mandate.
this coming year, I fully believe that our main responsibility is to cultivate a spirit of confidence and commitment to national service.
I believe that within our youth, our children and adults, that thought of inferiority and incapability will be dealt with through action.
we will challenge ourselves to do all that we can do.
I believe that over 90 percent of our problems are within the abilities of our minds to resolving them, only if we will admit, confess and say that "we can."
as we enter this new year, instead of changing cars, houses or just sending good wishes for seeing a year new, let's really make up our minds to transform our nation and start rebuilding it.
we must go back to the basics this year and that is nation building.
that will however not get anywhere unless it is preceded with the transformation of our minds.
that, we must believe that we can!
not just criticizing, not just complaining, not just to seduce and ridicule, not just to write skillfully, not just being able to criticize each other and blackmail, but to be able to really build a modern nation that is a real nation of the people "who are free and equal!"
a nation that is the center of success for many people and the pride of its citizens!
and we can!
welcome 2009!
