<misc>
in our program today which is a continuation of the previous program of different happenings in the city of Dar es Salaam . together with managing the law and road signs as well as citizen's safety the police force road safety unit has a responsibility of educating civilians and road users so that they deeply understand rules and road signs .
<no-speech>
the Ubu program met with one of the managers of school children and educated him that children's safety is not just when crossing the road but also when they are seated in the bus .
if you are a teacher for example when the vehicle has stopped on this side how do you cross to the other side ?
<no-speech>
we take the vehicle there where they are we don't let them cross the road .
mm .
eh .
and if it is crossing the road therefore you leave the pupils themselves -- to cross on their own ?
they have people to help them cross they follow (()) of their parents or their sisters .
so we make sure we hand them over to them then -- that is when we leave .
for example if the sibling or parent to the child has delayed ?
we remain with him there at the station until when the parent will come I hand him over .
ahh is when you hand him over ?
mm .
now on this school bus has there ever been a case where a pupil maybe sticks their head out playing with a colleague inside the bus ?
no it -- it happens -- you may see they want stick out their hand (()) mostly I watch over (()) .
they take hands out ?
restlessness as if he wants to get out so I become very careful looking after them to prevent that .
mostly they are good .
ahh .
mm .
then your procedure is good but we have seen there are some schools where you find a teacher just relaxes in their office they again do not bother with the children .
children play in the bus they get their heads out they are not keen with the children at all .
therefore it becomes very dangerous even to our children .
that is bad .
mm what do you tell teachers of that kind maybe of other schools of other vehicles who are not careful with children who are in the vehicles well ?
(()) so it is that he was giving advise that you try keep people to take care of the children there in the vehicles because personally there are a lot of vehicles I have seen with children .
mm there are those who jump in the vehicle they walk around there are some who get their heads out I have really seen .
mm .
so I don't know what (()) they have .
I was advising that they should have people to look after those children so that (()) .
ahh .
so there should be a person who -- has special employment for the sake of just looking after the children in the vehicle .
<no-speech>
