the participation of Tanzania in the forum of ICT in the world
Rashid Mkwinda
by Innocent Mungy - Bangkok Thailand
Tanzania is participating in the forum of ICT of the world that is prepared by the United Nations that manages the communication in the world (ITU-International Telecommunications Union) that is taking place in Bangkok, Thailand.
that conference which the main aim of stimulating change in the world of ICT, it involves countries who are members of ITU and also those who are not members, the communication companies in the world, institutions and managers of the communication sectors together with the government, they are participating in this forum during the period when great changes in communication sector in the world is ongoing.
these changes have led to the challenges of accepting and confronting its challenges as a result of the benefits of the changes being important to the World News Society.
while speaking, in Bangkok city, the Minister of Communication, Science and Technology, Professor Makame Mbarawa said that Tanzania is ready and it has already received the changes and implemented the strategies and to make sure that Tanzania is making changes without problems.
either
the Honorable Mbarawa has said Tanzania recognizes the importance of the changes in the information and communication technology (ICT) especially in this period of the digital system because it is the only way to speed up the development of Tanzanians successfully.
oh his side the Managing Director of Communication Authority in Tanzania, Professor John Nkoma said Tanzania is on the forefront to make sure that it stimulate the change of technology of information and communication so that the citizens can benefit with services of communication.
"we have a good system of the management of the licenses of technology interaction, law and good principles which has a capability to bring changes in ICT to benefit Tanzanians".
already Tanzania has entered into the systems of digital broadcasting and we continue to promote good environment so that we have many services so as to ease the life of Tanzanians.
said Professor Nkoma.
several institutes from Tanzania are participating in this symposium from Tanzania this together with the ministry of health, the commission of science and technology, DTBI of inventors and discoverers, NICTBB that manages Mkongo of Taifa, Maxcom.
this forum will be held for four days from 19 - 22 November 2013.
Tanzania is participating with the motto of the country, "Tanzania: Africa Strategic ICT Hub".
together with the forum, there is also displays of ICT which has an aim of showing the way countries are stimulating development to their citizen through ICT.
the display tent of Tanzania has attracted a lot of people, they are trying to learn how Tanzania has been able to stimulate changes in ICT and how the citizens are benefiting with different services that are being provided in the whole country.
may be some of the Institutions that are participating are looking at the possibilities of stimulating more provision of their services by being with participants in their activities.
today morning, the delegates of Tanzania participated in a special meeting of investors in communication sector that was convened by the Deputy Secretary General of ITU, Mister Houlin Zhao.
