the minister of mineral and energy Professor Muhongo arrives in England.
February 24, 2013
the minister of Energy and Electricity, Professor Sospeter Muhongo arrived in England today Sunday for special visit of the government that will take four days.
the minister was welcomed by our Ambassador, Honorable Peter Kallaghe, and he is expected to meet with different leaders of Britain's government and the experts concerned with the activities of minerals, education and international development.
among the officers that he is expected to meet with them tomorrow Monday, it is together with the Minister of Britain who is concerned with African issues, Mister Mark Simmonds; the Deputy Minister of international Development in Britain, Missus Lynn Featherstone; and the Member of Parliament of Stratford of Conservative Party, Mister Jeremy Leffroy who is also the Chairman of a parliamentary group of England who are involved with Tanzania (APPG).
Tuesday five o'clock in the evening, the Minister who is also appointed Member of Parliament has planned to speak with Tanzanians who live in Britain in the hall of our Ambassador in London.
the hall is on 3 Stratford Place, London W1C 1AS.
Stratford Place that is next to the main road of Bond it is a few seconds only, in front is a train station and buses of Bond street.
the Minister who is also the appointed Member of Parliament who are leading with Doctor Athanas Macheyeki of inspection of Minerals in Tanzania, Seleman Hatibu Chombo he is in the department of energy in the Ministry of Minerals and Energy and Mister Sosthenes Masau Bigambo Massola, his secretary
the minister, Muhongo is an academician who is a specialist in issues of Sayansi and study of stones and minerals.
apart from being a professor and the chief editor of the "Journal of African Earth Sciences" as well as a party member of different international associations of mineral and Sayansi
those associations are "Geological Society of London," "Geological Society of America" "Chinese Academy of Geological Sciences" and "Tanzania Academy of Sciences".
that leader is the Vice President of the commission of the map of mineral in the world that was established in France in 1881.
the main aim of that commission is to develop the issues of the environment, minerals and the world weather and the President is Philippe Rossi
the winner of different awards of education and Sayansi, Professor Muhongo was born in Musoma, year 1954 and he finished his education in the universities of Dar es Salaam and Germany.
last year he was awarded "Ordre des Palmes Academics," by the government of France that give to the experts who contributed to the subjects of education and tradition from the time it was started by the famous King Napoleon in the 19th century.
year 2007, that leader was given an award of honor ("Honors Award") with the Association of Minerals of South Africa and 2004 he was awarded the award of "Robert Shackleton" with Association of Minerals in Africa.
Robert Shackleton who died in 2001, is a Britain who continued with the mining of minerals in South Africa.
in Tanzania, the Minister Muhongo has received a gift from the Vice Chancellor of the main University (1977) a gift from Gondwana (1979) and the international Research of Science and technology (NARST) award which is awarded by the Commission of Science and Technology in Tanzania (2006).
