the way of disengaging the Warioba draft
May 15, 2014
for time now those who want good for this country if I borrow the words of English poet WB Yeats, "they spread dream" theirs and laid them down under the footprint of a special constitutional parliament.
they were hoping that that parliament will respect those dreams because they are their dreams themselves the citizens.
but again it came this giant called CCM and stepped on and crushed those dreams.
again with a big arrogance.
as the days move forward it continues to be clear that the party of revolution (CCM) truly turned up to do all it can in order to stop the recommendations of the commission of constitutional review that to be union of three governments.
for this party has no jokes and there are signs that it is ready to use force to fulfill its goal.
but it does not care whether its actions may cause blood to drip.
or messing up of peace of the country.
maybe this is what its enthusiasts want.
it is why one of the honorable people of CCM dared to say that only if the recommendation of three governments is accepted he will enter the forest.
since the constitutional commission released its second draft of constitutional recommendations, the CCM was alert, arranging and disarranging waiting the appropriate time and place to kill and bury that draft.
it decided that the appropriate place is inside the constitutional parliament at the time of its debating.
that parliament met in Dodoma for 67 days and after all those days of discussions, wrangles and accusations nothing important was found.
for sure what came out is to stop the whole process that continued for three years of trying to compose the new constitution of the united republic of Tanzania.
Zanzibaris had great expectations that the government of the united republic and the government of Zanzibar and more those two presidents will lead the process of bringing the new constitution with success.
many expecting that the new constitution will be found before the October 2015 general elections.
after witnessing what happened in Dodoma now there is a big doubt if the new constitution that the citizens want will be found in that period of time.
reason is the stubbornness of CCM for holding that the constitutional parliament must accept manifesto of that party concerning constitutional matters instead of passing the proposed draft by the constitutional commission of the retired judge Joseph Warioba.
the CCM has been using its many members in the committees of the constitutional parliament to force what it wants.
it has done so instead of letting the representatives from Zanzibar and Tanganyika to defend the interests of their countries and they sit together to write a new constitution that will take to the citizens to vote for.
the result of that is that the constitutional parliament was not free like it is supposed to be.
even so there are important issues that were discussed especially concerning the legitimacy of the union which Zanzibar was not authorized formally.
and where the issue of the certificate of the union emerged.
some of the the members of the constitutional parliament held on to want see that certificate signed in April 1964 by the President of the republic of Tanganyika Mwalimu Julius Nyerere together with the President of the people republic of Zanzibar Sheikh Abeid Amani Karume.
that certificate when it was removed after several days passing some of the members of parliament placed doubt on it alleging that it was not valid, it was fabricated and there are those who doubted the signature of Sheikh Karume for it is fake.
for a period of 67 days of constitutional parliament activities we have been hearing unkind language that are not worthy to be heard in a forum like that.
