Tuesday, November 18, 2014
"there is no relationship of a parent's education with the quality of upbringing"- researchers
the concept is that the high level of education that a parent possesses implies the quality and effectiveness of the upbringing.
in western countries, for example, the quality of upbringing in the sense of understanding of the child's psychological needs has been linked to parental education that goes along with the accountability of the upbringing.
the situation seems to be different in Sub-Saharan countries.
surveys conducted at different times in Tanzania, Botswana, Nigeria and Lesotho indicate that there is no direct relationship between education, income or parental success and the quality of their children's upbringing.
instead, in an astonishing manner, non-educated parents and with non-dignified work are more likely to be more responsible than their colleagues who have learned from the Degree onwards.
in addition, these surveys show when Highly educated parents do not find/do not have time to stay and communicate with their children accordingly, still at least striving to create a home-based environment in the form of books, television, and other sports facilities for children.
on the other hand, non-educated parents or dignified work, have seemed to have a relationship with the children, spending more time teaching children the most acceptable behavior in their communities.
however, these parents have found it difficult to create a friendly home learning environment for their home as their well-educated colleagues.
home environment
almost all researchers I mentioned at the end of this article agree that without regard to education or parental income, home environment and parental attitudes are mainly affecting the childhood growth and upbringing of children.
while home environment refers to the atmosphere of love shown by parents to children, parental relationships, parental dynamics, time spent by parents at home and access to learning materials;
parental attitudes, on the other hand, are parents' expectations for their children, efforts to understand and respond to the emotional needs of the child, how to encourage and even punish children.
however, the findings of such surveys show that most African parents start caring for, monitoring, redirecting and interfering with their children's activities when they reach adulthood.
the main reason mentioned is that during this period children begin to show behaviors that are not pleasing to parents, which are primarily a result of neglected emotional needs from the past.
before then, parents regardless of education believe that there is no great need for force in creating a child's behavior.
the meaning of these results to parents
in Africa, classroom education does not help a person to be a good parent or not even do not make the parent fulfill his role.
what is apparent is that the level of education goes hand in hand with the increase in other responsibilities that parents find themselves paying more attention than upbringing.
on the other hand, the lack of these responsibilities becomes beneficial to the child though the challenge remains accurate understanding of the needs of the child.
obviously, the social and economic changes we witness in our countries, bring new challenges to the upbringing.
when an educated parent is struggling to give up his time to deal with these challenges outside the family, a non-educated parent is also coping with these challenges at home in his own way.
in one way or another, the kind of work we do as parents, our attitudes and other challenges affects how we deal with the emotion of the child.
it may be time for us as parents and caregivers to develop a culture to understand the important steps of child growth in order to identify the needs and problems of children since the baby is born.
research team and researchers?
a lot of research has been done on the needs and problems of children in the continent of Africa.
why do these surveys not reach targeted people?
one major reason is that many surveys focus on promoting professional knowledge alone.
it is done for the sake of researchers to communicate with them and not directly apply to solving real problems.
that is why many results end up decorating cabinets for libraries of educational institutions irrespective of the public.
together with many challenges, this blog aims at being a connection between those libraries and parents.
for several weeks we will review the psychological needs of various childhood ages from birth to 20 years
for the following division: 0 to 3, 3 - 6, 6 - 12 and 12 years
- 20.
the goal is not to direct or advise anyone what to do but to try to spread the information that is available but does not reach where it should.
this article has been developed with the help of texts, theses, and books of the following researchers:
A. Blair, I.
Omari, T. Mwamwenda, D. Mbilinyi, A. Mbise, A. Oyewole and C. Nyinamuntu
who all have statements in the education and development of the child.
it is written by
Christian Bwaya
