Mbinga, set an example in the effective use of land
written by the Editor
published: 14th December 2016
yesterday, this newspaper published an article that carried the headline 'Mbinga Council surveys 70,000 plots.'
the report ascertained that the council, which is in the province of Ruvuma, has completed the task of identifying various areas for housing, open areas and allocating sites for key social services.
the executive director of the council, Gombo Simandito, explained that the action that the council took was in line with the implementation of a government order that requires every piece of land in the country to be surveyed in order to enable its owners to obtain a legal document that would help them acquire legal entities and serve in financial institutions as a guarantee of mortgage and capital.
we would like to congratulate that council by taking that firm step, which will in a normal way, will enable that council to have a good arrangement for building houses, social services, and business areas and thus enable it to have an appearance and good arrangement for use of their areas.
there is no argument also that the step will reduce fights for areas between the people because according to that process, everyone will understand early before taking any action of or of buying or building an area, to be able to identify with certainty that it's owned by who and that what has been planned to be in the concerned area.
we would like to call on all councils in the country, to adopt this good example of allocating land use so that the locals can be sure of the use of their areas without quarreling or worrying that they will be moved.
there are many areas here in the country, with major land disputes especially between farmers and pastoralists, to a level that sometimes causes great destruction to property including houses, livestock, and even killings as a result of not separating between agricultural, pasture and residential areas and thus becoming a major catalyst of conflicts inside the concerned communities.
we would like to advise directors in the districts marred by conflicts between farmers and pastors, to also use the land specialists in their areas, to ensure that they take measures to survey and to specify how different areas will be used in order to avoid unnecessary conflicts.
we believe that the main reason for having land management officers at different levels of councils and districts is to use their expertise, to plan effective use of land and ensure that these areas are used for the intended purpose.
here we also like to remind the Ministry of lands and housing development, to remind its officers at the council and district level, to manage and implement by action the government's good intention concerning good land usage by ensuring, it has been properly measured in order to be able to have a plan that will bring profit from the usage of their areas and to enable them also to acquire title deeds, which will enable them to use them in various financial institutions, to access loans and to use them to break off from the pit of poverty by starting various projects.
this is possible, we should take firm measures to manage and implement the best use of land.
Mbinga have done it, why shouldn't the other councils follow their example?
