that in that construction of stadiums there are many challenges .
that the biggest challenge like he had said (()) director James Bwire that there is a challenge of water together with that grass which has been planted .
at least they have started to bring about hope .
now the official report without a doubt will be issued by the concerned himself but for a little while he hasn't come here .
I expect him not for a long time .
therefore he will have these to answer to tell players what it is that there were many challenges .
water is a problem in a big way it forced that vehicles do extra work to go sprinkle sprinkle water so that the stadiums can be in evergreen like it's expected because it's the youth will be (()) here .
in this way now that's in that way a little later that things are going on %incomplete
now there are many challenges and this major one -- even the day before yesterday we have been able to hear the minister -- the Assistant Minister for Youth Culture and Sports Juma Suleiman Nkamia was talking about news regarding the stadiums and one of the questions he was asked .
there are five stadiums that have been authorized by the International Federation of Football Associations FIFA that that can be used during international matches but we still have many challenges .
many premier league clubs don't have stadiums .
and this is the biggest problem and in one of the regulations that were issued by C_A_F starting from next season clubs will be required to have stadiums .
now I don't know they will have what level of ability because that real good of our clubs .
it's their management isn't good they have a poor economic condition .
things are not good .
now I don't know T_F_F will have -- will emphasize what thing that it can be settled well .
in that way the big problem (()) stadiums teams don't have stadiums .
even the big problem if you leave out Azam F_C team only they have their stadium there at Chamazi .
Azam complex which has satisfied -- all criteria therefore it can be used .
if you leave out C_C_M stadium which is owned by the party of the revolution .
(()) Tanga Sheikh (()) Abedi and other regions .
therefore there will still be big challenges .
but during these matches of youth teams that will be held here in Mwanza that there will be -- which preparations of approximately four stadiums have been completed to be made and they are at the last last steps of repairs here and there that that its rehabilitation work and that opening matches there will be held at C_C_M Kirumba stadium .
therefore there will be things like that .
and already I know things are going well .
well let's get a small advertisement and then later my guest already has arrived .
he is the owner of the guarantee James Bwire therefore let's get an advertisement in the studio and we'll be with him here .
<no-speech>
