those who haven't registered with Brela to be hunted down.
written by our writer
published: 10 October 2016
the agent of registration of businesses and license (BRELA) has given two months to businesspeople who are using business names without registration, they should do so in a hurry.
after that time has passed, there will be a search in the whole country so that it will identify all those who are using business names without registration and they will be taken to courts or to pay fines.
while speaking with the journalist in Dar es Salaam city yesterday, the Executive Director of Brela, Frank Kanyusi said in that job of providing education and to officiate the names of businesses and the company that continues in different provinces, it has been identified that a lot of businesspeople are using business names without registering them.
"the law of business names wants a businessperson to register his business name within 28 days from the time you started to use it," said Kanyusi and added that to this he will have broken the law of business names.
he said don't worry the name of the business was made easy through internet by visiting this website www.brela.go.tz in order to get more information about how to register a business.
he wanted the businesspeople should not only register the business name only but they also go to the the revenue authority (TRA) in order to get how to pay tax and continue with there council to get business licensees.
"in order to boost business the government enable to expand tax collection and it be gainful to the businesspeople by building good business environment to do business," Kanyusi has emphasized.
he said Brela have made an arrangement to go around the region to educate to boost business and company names because it has being discovered that the citizens have no knowledge about boosting business.
till now Brela has done various visits in the Mwanza, Mara, Geita and Simiyu regions and this week they will visit the Shinyago region for a week in order to encourage businesspeople to formalize their business.
he emphasized that they must make sure that business is being formalized so that the can recognize the taxpayers who contributed national revenue and make Tanzania become middle class economy by the year 2015.
