researchers reminded their responsibilities
10th November 2013
researchers have been advised to have a right way of giving research outcome in order to deal with challenges of different communicable diseases in Africa and anywhere else in order to build a strong community that will speed up development.
the development shall be built through citizens with good health and their ability to get involved in economic activities daily.
the call has been given at the end of the week by the acting director of the institute of Southern Africa Center for Infectious Disease Surveillance (SACIDS), Mark Rweyemamu in Kilimo university (SUA) in Morogoro province while closing a two days conference on the research and communication that brings together several researchers from (SACIDS).
SACIDS is a union of 25 institutions in five countries in the North of Sahara desert to deal with the issue of health together with the principle that collectively involves human and animals, as well as the environment, in cooperation with eight Southern institutions.
Rweyemamu said that researches are building knowledge and witness that must be presented to people such as government servants, non-governmental organizations and the society collectively so as to make sure that the citizens are protected against different kinds of illnesses.
"this two day's workshop has aimed at connecting skilled researchers so that in unity, they talk in clarity among themselves together with the other people who target them," he said.
"those taking part in the workshop include professors, research doctors, graduates and other professionals in research issues from Tanzania, Zambia and Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
the workshop was provided by SACIDS in partnership with the institutes of London International Development Center, University of London," added Rweyemamu.
in short, the program was a presentation on how researchers can be able to work with the media, followed by the exercise of action that was provided by the acting executive editor of Tanzania Standard Newspaper (TSN), Gabriel Nderumaki.
Justin Musumu, participant from DRC during the workshop said, "these teachings have helped me know important principles of communication, particularly proper use of English language.
I wish it was going on," he said.
Aaron Mweene, another participant from Zambia added that, 'integrity and having a focused perspective are important things in eloquent communication.
participants came out of that workshop with renewed strength and self-belief of having the ability to build positive systems of communication in their institutions at home where they come from.
they stressed on writing short sentences, using social networks to present various research findings, to work with the media often and putting information about their research in simple language in order to meet the need of the of the people they target.
