autism affects Tanzania.
written by our reporter.
published: on 17th October 2016.
Tanzania still faces a major challenge to coping with autism that most people do not treat from not knowing its symptoms, it has been known.
this was stated by the Head of the National Association for People with Autism in Tanzania (NAPA-T), Doctor Stella Rwezaula at a press conference.
"the symptoms of autism have not yet been well known to parents and teachers in the country that they are unable to treat this disease or to get professional help because it is a disease that has a lot of effect on how a person communicates and most often has the tendency to do things repeatedly and unintentionally," he said.
he said for this year, the Lotus Health Center (LHC) which is a non-governmental organization and is working to help children with special needs funded NAPA-T to organize aiming at providing education on autism and this workshop will bring about 100 participants from the private sector and governmental organizations.
he said one of the NAPA-T tasks in collaboration with the LHC is to provide adequate education and training on this disease including local government and the central government.
London Health Center (LHC) executive director, Dialla Kassam said they are proud to work with the National Association for People with Autism in Tanzania (NAPA-T) and thanked the United Kingdom sponsor, Kevin Baskerville who is a professional doctor for autism for his support as he has regularly come to Tanzania to offer training and education on autism.
"through a workshop organized by the LHC last year, the International School of Tanganyika (IST) collaborated with the Msimbazi school of children with special needs and children of Msimbazi Mseto are allowed to go swimming in IST once a week," he said and added that the LHC is making every effort to integrate schools with special needs and government schools.
he said LHC has also been providing support to schools for autism people in Mbuyuni through experts volunteers from all corners of the world and managed by the LHC which also provides educational resources for the school.
he said LHC also works closely with the Muhimbili National Hospital, especially in the psychiatric department to seek donors to establish the first center of people with special needs in the country.
the center will have enough specialists who will handle various psychological problems including autism.
some of the symptoms of autism are failure of a child to look at a person in the eyes, not responding when called, failure to play with children of his age, failure to communicate his fellows, refusal to be carried and embraced, to long to be alone all the time and failure to show or understand different emotions.
another symptom is a tendency to change, to be aggressive, to dislike change, to slow down in talking, to repeat some things, such as nodding the head, handshaking, tiptoeing and moving in circles.
