<no-speech>
what understanding do citizens have about brushing teeth and the annoyance they have been experiencing from some of people not brushing properly and therefore producing foul smells when talking ?
<no-speech>
there some people who eat sweet things Jojo sweet you see they don't rinse their mouth properly for mouth hygiene .
you have seen someone who eats during the day and does not rinse his mouth he returns and he doesn't brush at bed time he eats his dinner and sleeps when he's done .
then food piles in the mouth .
and the bacteria finds time to work you see eh he sleeps similarly in the morning he does not brush his teeth you see such things contributes to teeth decay .
honestly there quickly I can't give them any advice because that is a shameful thing .
therefore mostly when you meet such a person you cannot advise him but you will just tolerate the smell you can do -- you will do but you cannot advise him because some people are respectable adults but their mouths smell .
to tell them me just telling them will be like you have humiliated -- you have despised them .
it is therefore difficult for person to person discussing over that matter .
it is supposed to be human as human to brush teeth even three times in a day .
because it is not good if when you are with your colleagues then your mouth stinks it is not good .
my advice I request that when people wake up in the morning they look at their bodies to be clean and the mouth too the body too is enough but often when you -- you are supposed to take your paste your brush you rinse your mouth you keep your teeth in a more hygienic condition .
education should also know about the mouth .
<no-speech>
I know when you wake up in the morning and brush your teeth when you eat day time and brush your teeth and when you come in the evening and brush your teeth .
so that when you are seated with people you don't talk and someone looks on the side .
<no-speech>
what are the specific reasons that contribute to someone stinking in the mouth ?
<no-speech>
there are many reasons to that causes one to produce foul smells from the mouth -- you can smell someone producing foul smells when you are talking to him either not know that it is coming from the mouth because we shall be smelling because he is talking it maybe coming from the nose or it may be coming from the mouth .
but when we come to our mouth and teeth health that there is that foul smell that comes from the mouth that is caused by gum infections .
<no-speech>
or there is that foul smell that comes from the mouth that is caused by tooth infections .
a tooth is decayed has a cavity stays there and harbors food remains which rot .
when such a person talks foul smell must come out .
its treatment if he has a decayed tooth and those teeth preserve food remains the treatment is either they might be cleaned and filled or be uprooted .
for another reason you can find a tooth decaying and forms a boil that has pus .
pus must have a foul smell you see ?
another thing is those gum infections .
-- such gums have -- have swelled some can form small boils .
called periodontal abscess .
(()) they are boils that appear on the gums .
is therefore those boils will have pus foul smell must come out another thing is someone has brushed his teeth well fine but did not brush the tongue you see ?
so what exactly is that other part now which you say comes from within is possible that someone has a problems in his digestive system or has a problem in the lungs or has a problem in -- there are things we call sinuses too therefore that can also be producing foul smell from the mouth therefore such a person what we advice him is to visit a dentist .
the dentist will know what causes his problem and every problem is treated the way the dentist has seen .
many believe that when a person has a toothache then its cure is to remove it .
it is not a must .
it is not necessary for everyone with a toothache to remove it because right now there is there is know-how let's say has been there ever since although for Tanzania I think equipment or in this hospitals which most are public I think we understand the economy of -- of our country the way it is you can just find -- someone being removed a tooth because there are no tools there is various know-how for treating the teeth .
there are some whose teeth have been affected to an extent of needing to be removed but become afraid of dying during the exercise .
I can mostly say it is education because someone can get a toothache .
he does not know that the tooth can even cause him to die it aches it is there it can maybe it can cause him a boil and later die .
so he stays feeling that if I go to hospital today maybe I will die .
you can find another person who for sure goes to hospital but he is at a point where the doctor himself is unable to help .
<no-speech>
therefore when that gets at the hospital (()) and another thing in us Tanzanians may I should say we have a (()) habit of keeping secrets .
someone has another infection he has come to hospital to a dentist the dentist asks which other problem do you have besides this he does not tell you he thinks the dentist only deals with the teeth when you are a dentist and you are also involved with the human health in general .
there is also a notion in the society that pregnant women are not allowed to unplug their teeth and when she takes too long with an aching tooth let's say that she can give birth before the right time has come they say premature birth .
<no-speech>
it is for the same reason that -- she already has infections in the mouth and she's in so much pain they can -- for the period she has -- time has come they have caused they say certain hormones have -- have been released to cause that woman to feel pain and (()) .
but a pregnant mother as a pregnant mother can be treated a tooth can be unplugged a tooth any dental treatment can be done to her .
young children for a large part %incomplete
