misleading against the disabled .
and the other thing that was inserted into the constitution being recommended is the right of every disabled person to education using special equipment .
what is the meaning of this ?
(()) that we see in the constitution it talks about the right of every Tanzanian to get education and advance to the desired level and the government will avail the environment to enable that .
but if you leave it like that and not recognize that a disabled person should get that education through the use of special equipment then you can't realize it .
and special equipment here means that for the deaf the speech machine which we call (()) should be identified though the sign language teachers and the sign language advancement should be identified now you look at the getting of this education alongside the (()) one where in fifty-five it says that it recognizes the right of the sign language usage sign language (()) braille writing means advanced .
this one now -- the sign language is for the sake of the deaf the tactile signing is for the deaf and blind the braille writing is for the sake of those who are blind and advanced writing is for the sake of underdeveloped (()) people and it has also identified other means of communication .
this goal is to ensure that these things are recognized in the education sector .
supplementary books and textbooks have been put in those writings which are friendly to the disabled to read .
it is a light being developed to consider the needs of the disabled equipment are being released and distribute to the schools but the special needs also mean the infrastructure in schools .
the reader alongside the (()) which has been directed that the government will avail an environment which will enable the disabled go anywhere they may wish to .
the environment and the infrastructure here has meaning that infrastructure and the school's buildings should be friendly and reachable to the disabled .
but this also touch on modes of transport .
how does that child go to school and does he board the normal buses ?
have they considered (()) with love on this one ?
the right of a person as to how they access education using special equipment though there is another right %incomplete
