<no-speech>
cooks are many but I'm the chief cook Asha Juma .
who brings you various recipes from all over the world and today once again I'm here at Malaika Beach Resort -- here in Mwanza town where today I will be having a cook yeah we will have many chief chefs but I will be with a cook from -- from here -- from here Malaika Beach Resort who will also cook for us a very good meal but today we will do chicken .
there are many chickens of various types and chicken recipes are equally many .
today's chicken is a coconut chicken .
there is roasted chicken there is fried chicken but also you can marinate it in a variety of roasts and today we will marinate it in coconut .
pardon ?
coconut is not good but other alcoholic drinks are also available .
although today coconut will be extensively used .
I request to welcome you .
welcome .
<misc>
and now I'm complete I have all my chief chefs .
maybe one cook is not a stranger when you look at him yeah the one on my right but the other one maybe new to you .
and the way I'm glamorous with the turban clothing and whatever don't be surprised that is the culture of (()) okay Malaika Beach Resort here in Mwanza town .
now I request to take this opportunity to welcome you and for them to be able to tell us more about what they have cooked for us and what ingredients will be used especially for today's recipes .
Dairashin .
yes .
I am glad to meet with you again .
good afternoon my name is Dairashin and I am basically from Mumbai India today I'm going to have Swahili food will be going to have beef mshikaki first then we'll be having meat fish then we have coconut chicken we are going to prepare these three things all here and you'll be having different (()) -- different taste you going to enjoy with me .
thank you .
okay this is the I have said chief chef from here Malaika Beach Resort .
but also the other one here who will also introduce himself and tell us how he too feels being here and -- and prepare for us today's meal ?
welcome .
yeah thank you my name is Moses James -- Chef Moses James I am an employee here at Malaika Resort I'm in the kitchen as in charge of continental so for today we have prepared about three recipes first we will start with coconut chicken then we will prepare mshikaki likewise we will prepare sauce fish and fried fish as well as fish -- roasted fish .
therefore all will have different favors welcome and observe (()) and let's be together .
thank you all .
I have my chief chefs from here Malaika I have Mister Darashin likewise I have Mister Moses .
both come from here Malaika .
and as I had informed you earlier we start with coconut chicken type .
now I request you to focus your attention on observing this so that you later on after here be able to prepare this meal at your home .
I'm confident that you will enjoy this session from beginning to end .
welcome once more let's go to the kitchen .
<misc>
these are our requirements for coconut chicken we are at the chicken's breast so a meal for one person we cook these two chests for coconut chicken therefore we will take this here -- this coconut chicken we will prepare it then here we have requirements that we need though not all will be used here .
here we have -- we have garlic these ones also we have carrots that we have prepared we have chopped them these ones here likewise we have onions -- onion water we have chopped it and here it is together with -- with sweet pepper .
therefore these sweet pepper are the ones to be used together with wheat flour that we have here together with spice .
we also have salt .
is what we will use to prepare coconut chicken at the very end we will finalize by putting our coconut which is the cellar .
(()) welcome so much but wait we continue with our preparations .
<no-speech>
so we remove the chicken's breast -- we prepare coconut chicken by removing the bones hence we use the steak of the chest to cook this coconut chicken .
so we remove our steak and keep it here .
<no-speech>
(()) another chest again (()) .
<no-speech>
once we finish extracting this way these are bones that we set aside then we cut small pieces -- small .
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
once we are through preparing our ingredients we now place our chicken here and we proceed to the requirements .
<no-speech>
our stove has been lightened you put a little oil a little oil when it gets slightly heated we chop our chicken first before putting anything else we start with chicken .
