avoid bhang because it is harmful research
despite the presence of many studies proving the effects of bhang on the health of a human being, the efforts of wanting the usage of that product to be legalized continue to increase speed in various places in the world.
the neighboring country of Tanzania is the most recent to be seized by the pressure of legalizing bhang after many states in America allowed their civilians to smoke bhang.
villagers in Makete district, Njombe province South West of Tanzania want the government to put a law that will legalize the use of that plant.
the claims of those villagers that from long ago, they have been using bhang seeds to fry their food without witnessing any health effects is a distorted thought.
research that lasted for a prolonged time has proven that the youths who smoke bhang harm their minds, and may lose comprehension and the ability to remember.
according to health experts, the youth who began using bhang while under the age of twenty years exhibit very bad results in examinations and demonstrate a major deficiency in their minds.
one international body, that did a research on bhang usage, discovered that youth who began using bhang while aged below 18 years when their minds had not matured, lost their ability to understand things quickly.
an expert on those issues in the country of England said, perhaps that research, explained why people who use bhang have no ability to understand things easily.
apart from being a nation that established itself economically and in many social sectors, America gives a distorted view of bhang usage.
Washington is the second state in America to legalize bhang after Colorado, where that state claims to get millions of dollars every month from imposing a tax on bhang businesses for those who use it for entertainment.
America's step give the governments of developing nations a hard time to control the farming, business, and usage of bhang because users have many needs and the price is high as compared to other produce.
there is a need for leaders and health experts to provide strong a strong argument and of science to oppose bhang usage because similar to marriage between people of the same sex, possibly the campaign to legalize bhang usage may spread in Africa.
the painful truth is that bhang is a drug that is highly used.
according to a statement by the United Nations on narcotic drugs in 2013, bhang usage has continued to grow in the world starting from 2009 while the average usage in the world is four percent.
it's clear that governments that decided to legalize bhang, have removed for themselves the heavy burden of struggle against a type of crime, but it's important to understand that the intoxication of bhang doesn't destroy only health but it also increases the cost of public health and crime.
recent research has shown that Tetrahydrocannabinol, a chemical that is found in bhang can easily penetrate the oily wall that protects brain cells and affect brain cells.
by considering this, without a doubt bhang is harmful and awareness should be increased.
