our first topic says this is it true that villages lose (()) ?
yes and if you consider that every year twenty thousand youth leave the villages to go to towns like Arusha Mwanza Dar es Salaam .
(()) young man there maybe I should ask you (()) ?
student .
no student .
is it true that the youth are leaving the villages to go to town ?
it is true .
alright tell me why ?
the youth are leaving the villages to go to towns with an aim of looking for employment .
<no-speech>
to look for ?
to look for employment .
employment work .
yes .
therefore many youths think that they can't find jobs in the villages .
therefore they see towns as the places to get work .
ahh ahh .
many youth leave the villages to come to town because (()) as a result of the conditions that are in the village .
(()) for example I am at a point where I can't stand the town life anymore .
because I have gotten used to (()) now I see (()) (()) town is good .
(()) .
what was your reason to leave the village and come here in town ?
as a result of the environment .
which environment ?
I mean getting two hundred two hundred .
(()) and electricity also (()) and electricity too you don't have .
why do the youth leave leave the villages to go to towns ?
the youth are -- are leaving the villages to go to towns they are running away from farming .
because farm work spilling soil on the feet they think it is (()) so much he'd rather go to town and wash so as to be seen that he is a developed person .
because if he goes to town he knows that it's him who has development .
but not in the village .
village because there are issues of hard work hard work (()) you do this job you do this job and he does not like doing them .
he wants him to wash to -- enjoy comfort .
but according to your perspective can you leave the village to go to town ?
I can't .
why tell us ?
because I need to stay in the village because I get help .
I farm I do what .
everything I -- I get it there .
even there in town things come from the farm and enter the town .
what harm do you get when your child goes to town ?
I think there is a lot of harm .
because I have -- my strength is gone (()) .
that's why I get harmed .
but if it's -- if I have my strength for real I see no reason to -- to stay in town .
<no-speech>
a youth runs to town .
for example the male wishes if only he can -- go to look for work .
but the female is running to town after two years she brings me a grandchild .
if not so she will do -- what work will she do ?
<no-speech>
at what time will she beautify her fingers ?
and what time will she apply makeup ?
and change meat .
the way God created her she sees it is not meat .
she wants another meat again .
that is of to -- that is (()) now how have the villages been affected as a result of the youth leaving the villages and going to town ?
brother there the youth to leave to -- the village to go to town maybe (()) how is it that they will feel that that is that (()) that they have despised it .
they have despised the village they have run to town as if there in the village isn't suitable .
(()) yes that there .
and now this it's dive in time let's listen to our expert today what he has to tell us .
<no-speech>
