the importance of taboos in the African society.
the greatest strength of taboos and beliefs in the African societies was to direct and control the behavior and conduct of people.
the relations between in-laws were directed by certain taboos and ideologies.
the major intention of the taboos and ideologies was to maintain respect, a good approach among in-laws from both two sides and promote good morality.
it is not my aim in this article to try and take you back to the stone age so as to continue holding onto the culture and beliefs especially those that are obsolete, no never.
in its place, I intend to show how the Swahili literature is full of wealth which wouldn't fit in a stack of books which dealt with oral literature in depth.
additionally, despite deviation which is a fruit of the foreign tradition, the society can borrow from some of the items of the past as one way of dealing with some of conflicts which face the marriage institution every daybreak.
according to the Kamba, it was a taboo for the daughter-in-law to bend with their back, chest or the waist pointing towards the father-in-law.
this was viewed as lack of respect.
therefore then, it was very important for that daughter-in-law to know where the father-in-law usually sat so as to keep a distance from him during the time of executing roles that required her to bend or twist like washing dishes, pounding cereals, winnowing cereals and serving food among others. by Enock Nyariki.
furthermore, in that same community, a daughter-in-law was supposed to be covered well when the father-in-law was at home.
wearing a long dress alone wasn't enough if a wrap cloth was not tied around the waist and maybe a scarf to cover the chest areas.
it was an important thing for a Kamba man who intends to marry to inform his fiancée of how she was required to dress the day her fiancé's family visits her parents so as to avoid their relationship from breaking up prematurely by being viewed as disrespectful to her in-laws to be.
according to the tradition of the Kisii, Kamba, Luo and other many African tribes, it was a taboo for the daughter-in-law to go into the bedroom of her husbands parents or a father or mother to enter into their married son's bedroom, regardless of the number of rooms the house had.
that tradition has been held onto tightly by some clans in that, when parents visit their children in the city, a house should be rented for them even if those children have a sea of houses.
the parents to the husband or wife would never accept to use the same bathroom that their children used to bath.
according to the Kamba community, if it was a must for the daughter-in-law to go into the bedroom, maybe if the mother or father-in-law was in critically sick, then she was forced to leave money or a certain gift by the door before going into the bedroom so as to show that she had 'bought' that room.
not going into the bedroom was a way of promoting respect between the daughter-in-law and her husband's parents.
among many communities living in Nyanza, Western and Eastern areas of Kenya and in the Rift Valley it was a taboo for the husband to greet the wife's mother or the wife to greet the father-in-law by hand.
apart from that, it was a taboo in many African communities for in-laws to use the bedding or covering materials of their children's wives.
those things are together with blankets, sheets or even mattresses which their children had already used.
arguments or quarrels of any kind by daughters-in-law with their in-laws was prohibited in approximately all African communities.
it was not allowed for children to retort to their in-laws no matter how hated they were.
however, the aping of the western culture has eroded and even swallowed up some of those taboos and ideologies.
