Magufuli wants diplomacy to nurture industries
written by our writer
published: 09 October 2016
President John Magufuli, has wanted implementation of economic diplomacy to be emphasized on industrial sector investment.
he said that at State House in the City of Dar es Salaam recently when he met with Ambassadors who are representing Tanzania in various countries in the world.
the meeting which took place at State House in Dar es Salaam City, was also attended by Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan and Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa.
President Magufuli who addressed and led the the discussions on various issues on ambassadors activities said that Tanzania has set a goal of nurturing industrial sector from a growth of 7 percent.
3 up to 15 by the year 2021 and create employment by 40 percent.
"now I have invited you honorable Ambassadors to get acquainted, to know the direction we are looking for and haw you will participate developing industrial investment.
"instead of remaining locked up in the office, I want you to come out to go and look for investors to come and invest in industries so that our country will benefit from our people getting jobs, the government will collect taxes and improve our development," said President Magufuli.
other areas that the president wanted ambassadors to work on are to market and attract tourists to come in the country, to work on all opportunities that are of benefit to Tanzania in the countries they are representing Tanzania, to take care of the country's property that are in those countries and follow up on implementation of business agreements and investments done between Tanzania and the countries where they represent Tanzania.
he wanted all Ambassadors to work with effort, to eliminate functional deficiencies that have been complained about in their offices and to eliminate financial expenditure that are not necessary.
the President also wanted the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and cooperation of East Africa to put itself in order and control all the loopholes for public funds misuse that have been used for external trips and other expenditure that are not necessary.
he ordered them to make sure that all workers who are in the embassy offices in various countries without basic reasons are returned in the country in order to reduce the cost load to the Government.
"the are workers in our Embassies yet they do not even have the merit to be in the positions they are holding, it reached a point when someone spoils here at home he is fixed in an ambassadorial.
"at times you find that the Tanzanian Embassy in a certain country has a high number of workers more than the needs of that embassy, it is impossible," he stressed.
however, he congratulated all Tanzania Ambassadors for the the work that they are doing in the countries they are representing and assured them that the Government has hope in them and it depends on them that they will continue representing and branding Tanzania well.
that meeting was also attended by various leaders including ministers, assistant ministers, permanent secretaries, assistant permanent secretaries, heads of defense and security dockets, leaders of various institutions and directors in the ministry of foreign affairs and East Africa corporation.
