campaign against elephantiasis and hydrocele should be supported
written by editor
published: 26 October 2016
residents of Dar es Salaam have begun taking immunization medicine to prevent elephantiasis, hydrocele and worms.
we congratulate the Ministry of Health, Social Development, Gender, Elderly and Children in collaboration with Dar es Salaam regional leaders and stakeholders, to run the campaign, which will take place for five days until October 30, this year.
we support the call of the organizer of National Coalition for Diseases that Have Not Been Prioritized (NTDs), Doctor Upendo Mwingira, who said that all people from five years of age and above have taken these medications.
as Doctor Mwingira said, the drugs have no effect on humans, and that the Food and Drugs Authority (TFDA) has already checked and confirmed.
we encourage citizens from five years of age and above to volunteer to take these drugs at health centers and service providers in various parts of Dar es Salaam, they are being offered, because these diseases, elephantiasis, hydrocele and worms are extremely dangerous from its major effects, such as affecting liver and brain.
we congratulate the head of Dar es Salaam Regional Head, Paul Makonda for launching the distribution of immunization against the disease today at the Buguruni Health Center, where he also warned many things about the diseases.
according to Makonda, 10 percent of the region's population, have infections of elephantiasis and hydrocele, compared to other regions that are less than five percent.
the level is too big and alarming and the government and stakeholders should increase their energy, ensuring that these non-priority diseases are being finished in the region, where all those who are diagnosed with the disease should first be treated through surgery.
the motivation factor is that approximately 4,000 people, who have already been diagnosed with these diseases, will be undergoing surgery at each surgical centers in each district this week.
we congratulate the organizers of the campaign by allocating a number of centers, where according to Regional physician Doctor Grace Maghembe there are total 956 permanent stations, providing the services and 170 mobile centers.
also, all ministries and government institutions will be set up centers to ensure that they reach each regional resident and aim to reach 4 million residents.
5.
let us stop misconceptions that if someone drinks these drugs, he cannot get a baby.
these drugs are safe and effective for human use.
the disease is spread with all sorts of mosquitoes, so let us clean up our environment to kill mosquitoes breeding places.
that way will make us safe from those diseases.
citizens come out in numbers for five days, to fight these diseases by taking immunizations.
