communication towers to expand the communication market in the country.
July 31, 2016
it has been explained that the starting of independent companies of phone communication towers, is able to reduce the costs of running cell phone companies in the country.
before that, all cell phone companies in the country, each one was forced to build its own tower which requires a high amount of investment if it's together with generator use, security and other running costs.
that was made clear yesterday by the director of sales and marketing of Helios Towers company, Michael Magambo as he spoke with journalists in Dar es Salaam city.
"that's where independent towers companies come in".
"they own, manage and run the towers, that can be used by many phone companies at the same time and also even television broadcasts, radio, and agents of the condition of the weather," he said.
he said usage of one tower removes the burden of investment costs of infrastructure and other activities in the area of the tower.
he said also, phone companies get space to direct more strength in the areas they are more able to provide voice and 'data' services to Tanzanians.
many don't know our contribution in expanding phone services in Tanzania and Africa in general.
"Helios Towers is a big of independent towers in the country, having built more than 1,000 telecom towers of Tigo Tanzania in the year 2010, then it built 250 other telecom towers and it expects to add other 150 by December this year," said Magambo.
moreover, he said in the past two years, areas of Helios that are jointly used by phone companies is 53 percent for now and is 60 percent of new areas for the whole country while it awaits a guarantee of the government of taking the tower of Vodacom Tanzania.
"we have been hearing critics claiming that a company like Helios has no competitor because they have captured a big market"
this isn't true.
the certainty is that Helios has been strong in the presence of competition in the market of phone services, allowing visitors to enter the market and giving service providers a chance to take services to the villages without worry.
finally, it's the consumers who benefit more, by reduced phone prices and to choose the network that they want.
"the truth is that we are opening the market more," added Magambo.
even so, in reducing the challenges of taking services to the village areas that have no phone services, earlier the government provided a vehicle known as the Universal Communication Action Fund (UCAF) that helps to reduce costs and motivates service providers to go to the market of the villages.
that step came from the Law of Availability of Communication of the year 2006 with the aim of nurturing the development socially and economically in the towns and villages through TEKNOHAMA.
far from that, the company of Helios is on the run to put 27 machines under UCAF.
