T_B_C .
<no-speech>
small gold mineral miners in Nzega district Tabora province have requested the Secretary-General of Revolutionary Party Abdulrahman Kinana to intervene in the measure by the government to remove them from the Number Seven area that was left by the investor despite being handed the area legally and giving them mining loans .
let's join Gerson Msigwa for more reports .
<no-speech>
the rally by the Secretary-General of Revolutionary Party C_C_M Abdulrahman Kinana here in Nzega District has taken place at the Nzega Parking Stadium in town .
with small miners being among the thousands attending the rally they welcomed him with banners which had their cry on what they termed as the dispossession of the Number Seven gold mining area which was given to them after the existing investor left .
we ask you to return our areas to us so that we can return our cash to pay debts .
we will sit and talk .
how come this small issue that has no problems and helps people get out of poverty seems hard with complications and ashes turning into bombs ?
we will reach out to the Prime Minister who has the decision .
<no-speech>
the other cry that the Nzega residents poured out to the Secretary-General of Revolutionary Party comrade Kinana was the shortage of water however the parliamentarian of Nzega County Doctor Hamisi Kibwangalla used this meeting to explain the efforts he was making to combat that problem .
and that the effort (()) .
my intention makes me believe and understand fully and clearly that if we get a road construction machine we will sculpture roads in our whole county .
should we get a borehole drilling machine we will avail water to citizens .
and these are the problems of the citizens .
I understand up to %incomplete
before speaking with citizens in Nzega town where he has also handed over two hundred and two bicycles to C_C_M branch secretaries and the secretaries to ward level communities .
three motorbikes for the purpose of C_C_M communities and two million shillings for the purpose of -- food and two million shillings for the motorbike riders .
that were donated by the C_C_M cadre Husein Bashe .
the Secretary-General of C_C_M Abdulrahman Kinana has participated in the building of the patients' reception area at Nzega District Hospital .
he has participated in the building of C_C_M offices in Nkini Lake and Kipugala and he has also inspected the library at Kampala Secondary School .
he has talked to citizens in the small town of Ndala where he assured them that the government is working on the water problem .
Gerson Msigwa T_B_C Nzega .
<no-speech>
%incomplete
