women steal from their husbands in the pockets.
Dar es Salaam.
some women or men can steal money from each other inside the house.
whether it is in the wallet or pockets of pants for men, or a woman's purse.
it is explained women are the supervisors in the exercise of doing frightening tours in the pockets of their husbands.
seven out of 10 women that were interviewed by this newspaper, have admitted to once stealing from their husbands or lovers, while only two men out 10 have admitted having once done that.
in every matter, there is a reason.
some of the women who got time to talk, explained reasons for doing that, including not being given enough money, to mix them in order to solve some family matters and to reduce the weight of money from the pouches of their drinking husbands.
Abdallah Kilemi, says even if the money they take, they use because of family needs, they aren't supposed to do that because that is theft.
he says normally, a woman is supposed to tell her husband if she took money from the pocket instead of doing that in secret.
"some of them take for their own benefit instead of the benefit of the family, my wife used to do that time and again and I knew, except I never asked her".
"I investigated after seeing every day when I woke up in the morning I have less money from what I came back with yesterday and after one or two days, she changes or she has made another hairstyle, bought clothes or new shoes," complains Kilemi.
Patrick Innocent says, he has prohibited his wife from taking his money, even if she finds it when she's washing because she has been using it as a pretext to buy things with a lot of money.
"she buys a lot of cosmetics and takes a package to her home if you ask her to know where she has gotten the money, she says she usually takes money from my pouch when I come back drunk or when she is collecting clothes in order to clean them".
"I don't believe if they are enough to do all the things she does, I don't want to hear she bought something with that money, it can't be that amount," says Innocent.
a resident of Tandika Dar es Salaam city, Zubeda Yasini says her husband has been using a lot of money on things that aren't fundamental, including drinking liquor with friends and getting totally drunk, therefore when he comes back she reduces him the high quantity of money.
she says, she once kept the money she picks from her husband's pockets until she got fees to pay for their daughter, who was learning at a nursery school and that it was hard for her husband to give money to pay for the child and whenever she told him, he said he didn't have.
"she explains whenever he gives her money for food end of the month, they will have finished with each other even if an emergency will occur, there is nothing he gives her and the answer is, I don't have."
"alcohol he drinks every day, but money to satisfy home needs, he doesn't add if he gives at the end of the month even if it will be enough to buy a packet of flour that's it, if there is an emergency, I add from my business of rice buns that is swaying from side to side," says Zubeda.
Jacqueline Martini, a resident of Tandale, Dar es Salaam city, says, whenever she receives a salary, she shows her husband and agrees with him on what to do, but for a period of eight months, her husband doesn't contribute anything in their agreements.
she says even she got a salary increase, she didn't tell him because she's squeezing him and has invented a new way of stealing from the pouch whenever he forgets himself.
"I am lucky, various times, I have been lucky to steal from him up to 150,000, 500,000 shillings and he is unable to ask me because he doesn't involve me in his finance issues more than to take mine," says Jacqueline.
she says there is a day she once asked him for 1,000 shillings he said he didn't have, but when he went to the bathroom, she searched his pockets and emerged with two notes of 10,000 shillings she didn't do any lingering, she took them and he has not asked her to date and life continued.
an expert on psychological issues from the University of Dodoma, Modester Kamongi says that every day a woman believes she is the manager of important house issues while depending on her husband for money even if she works.
therefore, if the husband doesn't give her, she gets a hard time and asks herself where are they going and even thinks, he's taking to other women when she searches him and gets even a little she gets relieved.
"I don't support that behavior except psychologically it gives women benefit if they believe, they are using the same as their husbands even if if they haven't been given, especially for those who are denied," he says.
Krish Buruhan (not a real name), a student who is in a relationship says, the work she does for her lover including satisfying him sexually isn't comparable to the money he gives her, therefore if she gets a chance, she steals small small.
she says whenever she meets him, she seeks an opportunity on how to steal from him and because her lover believes in her as a result of her young age, he has never felt her.
"he has his wife, he has no plans of marrying me, he's using me and the money he gives me is little, aah".
"I squeeze myself with him on the pouch, I never left him whenever I get a chance, when I am with him, I don't think of anything more than 'to beat him' so that at least, I pay myself," says Krish.
