a few years ago, during the former forth term government, there's one thing that really shocked me.
that thing concerned a minister of that government and a bank guard.
what happened is that the honorable minister had gone to the money dispensing machine, famous as ATM, maybe for the sake of withdrawing money.
while inside that room, he started speaking on phone.
he spoke on phone for a long time, a situation that made the customers who were waiting for that service to start complaining, forcing the guard to request the minister to step aside for the other customers to access the service.
that didn't please the minister and he instead started asking the guard if he knew who he was, because he as a minister had many important matters and he was having a very important phone call.
for that minister, the issue of talking inside the ATM room and denying other customers like him a chance to access the service they needed for a time wasn't a big deal at all.
the honorable minister and the bank guard saga was reported in the press and unfortunately its end was saddening, because the bank guard was fired due to executing his duties.
some of the people made noise but there's nothing that happened.
mostly, someone's dad was left without a job while wondering how to take care of his family that depended on him.
now the other day that situation repeated itself again.
this time round however, it involved the wife to another honorable minister who argued with a traffic officer executing his official duties for explaining the traffic offenses she had committed.
instead of listening to her offenses and get punished in accordance to her actions, this wife used her card of going through her husband's back and made negative annoying sentiments to that officer.
for the first time in a long time, things are heading towards change and those who thought they are above the law are being reminded again that Tanzania is not theirs alone.
reports say that President John Pombe Magufuli has ordered the traffic officer who was doing his job and ended up being insulted by the minister's wife to be promoted.
at the same time, he has warned the minister and his wife from getting involved in that incident, since there is no one who is above the law.
personally, that report has made me very happy.
let's just say that Tanzania was a very strange country.
it had very many classes to a point of people talking about the desire to run to other foreign countries due to feeling undervalued, while others strutted in the neighborhoods dismissing people from work as if they were the valid owners of this country.
Tanzania reached a point where this traffic officer whom the president decided to promote would have been at a very tough state.
first lies would have been placed on him and then he would have been transferred from the work station to a village with a very common unit.
those he annoyed would have ensured that the guy never returns to town again, and he'd totally be forgotten.
but all this is due to the ignorance of certain classes thinking they are above the law and they are untouchable, while we the lows, continue to pay fines lawfully and sometimes getting punished by an officer angered by the mistreatment of the likes of the minister's wife.
