bishop warns the people who like taking loans
the Pentecostal (FPCT) bishop Singida branch in the city, Doctor Paulo Samwel, has influenced believers and the general public, to avoid the tendency to borrow loans that are not able to repay them in time.
he claims the tendency to repay loans on time contributes to a major disadvantage, including escaping the city unwillingly.
bishop doctor
Samwel has given this caution when giving his talks at close of a special one week conference ceremony attended by the church female members.
he said the experience clearly shows that believers and other people have a tendency to borrow, and their lives are dominated by fear and anxiety at all times.
I and my colleague pastor Boniface, in short, we are tired of many complaints concerning unpaid loans.
my fellow believers especially those who have a tendency to borrow, while borrowing you are two
borrower and lender
when the borrower fails to return the loan you start running to the people.
no, do not bother people, settle yourselves, explained Doctor Samwel.
stressing, he said that it is better for a believer or any citizen to sleep hungry than to rush and borrow when he does not have the ability to repay the loan.
my friends loans have many consequences, and others are even more serious.
there are some borrowers who take their lives because of credit, there are those who reach the decision to hide under the bed fearing the claim.
if you ask a certain family member where he is, he will be answer he traveled but he is under the bed, he has explained more.
in addition, Bishop Doctor Samwel said there were some believers or non-believers, seeing a person has been given a big economy, start forming an infidelity relationship.
their problem is they can borrow.
before you go borrowing, decide first if you have the ability to repay the loan on time.
if you do not have avoid completely borrowing to keep living peacefully and calmly, and your respect will continue to grow, said the bishop.
at the same time, Bishop Doctor Paul has asked debtors, including from credit providers, to pay the debts in advance to maintain civilization and respect in the eyes of the community.
by Nathaniel Limu
