am arguing with the children of our presidents
March 06, 2014
I have read from the newspaper (no a good citizen), Ridhwani, the child of President Kikwete, complaining that he is hounded and accused of many things.
"the time my elderly father was getting into politics (vying for president) I met with Abdallah Mwinyi (the child of the retired President, Elder Mwinyi), and he told me the challenges that I will meet with as a child of the president, and now I am witnessing them."
those are the words of Ridhiwani quoted on the newspaper I read.
I do not write this article to target Ridhwani or to accuse him on anything.
I want to put things into perspective and speak against the children of our presidents.
I do not oppose Ridhwani that when you are the child of the president you face many challenges.
is the truth, the reason the president is the leader of the country.
every eye is focused on the president and that way all those surrounding him must be focused on.
for that reason it is a must and is important to stay "right".
even so I do not accept that when you are the child of the president especially in our nation of Tanzania you must be hounded and accused!
I support my argument as follows.
our nation up to today have been led by four presidents.
and by good luck our presidents have children.
and starting with Mzee Mwinyi mentioned by Ridhwani, I have not heard of any child of Mzee Mwinyi being trapped and accused falsely because his father was president.
if there is someone who heard the children of Mzee Mwinyi being targeted and accused to come out and testify.
I have surety that these children have their works, they have business and other activities but I have not gotten to hear their activities being linked to their father's position.
Mzee Mwinyi's wife, Mama Siti was trapped and accused falsely of many issues including claims that she used her husband's name to do business.
even so after a deep investigation and comparing with what happened after Mzee Mwinyi coming from government people realized that Mama Siti was mistreated.
the truth is that Mzee Mwinyi when in power none of his children were targeted and accused for doing business or having excessive wealth.
even so, I have heard in the estates that his other child, who is now a minister, Hussein Mwinyi, is being blamed for "opening wide" on the road with a car when going to work from his home.
people questioned: if the minister stretches apart and is defeated to follow the laws of the road what will other people do?
and the truth is that "when he stretches apart" and other people will follow his behind.
even so this behavior of "stretching apart" on the road it not because this is a child of the retired president but is his behavior as himself.
children of Mwalimu Nyerere are all still alive.
I did not get to hear the time of the reign of Mwalimu Nyerere that any of his child being targeted and accused because his father is the president of the nation.
furthermore, I have not heard claims that these children have excessive wealth.
if anyone got to hear I request that he come out and testify.
even after Mwalimu's retirement until his death in October 14, 1999, I have not heard any of Mwalimu's children mentioned in dirty affairs.
the children of Mwalimu Nyerere went to normal schools after living a totally normal life in the society.
even today they continue living a totally normal life.
it's my belief that even they will run their life by doing business and other activities but I have not heard of them being targeted or of any pointed fingers at any dirty affairs.
it is open that the children of the presidents will be getting their challenges the time their father was in power but those of being targeted and accused of owning excessive wealth or involving themselves with dirty affairs of corruption and others of the same I have not heard.
retired President Benjamin William Mkapa also have children.
I have not heard at the time of his reign any of his child being targeted and accused of dirty affairs.
if am not wrong there are many Tanzanians who know even the names of the children of elder Mkapa.
those names did not decorate the headings of the newspapers or they did not join politics and also they did not use their father's name for anything.
if there is anyone who thinks am saying a lie then to come out to remove his testimony.
if am not wrong the child our presidents who have been heard of more in the media and the one who have been targeted and accused of many issues is Ridhwani Kikwete.
I do not like to believe that he is targeted because he is the child of the president.
