13 December 2012
Chilungo: a writer who lost their eye pupils
by Rashid Mkwinda "what is happening in my feelings right now is how I used to see in the past, has remained to be an everlasting image that will never get lost... it is only an image that has remained in my head that is coming like a cinema, my emotions interprets different colors and atmosphere I saw before becoming blind," Mussa Chilungo (60) starts narrating this ordeal.
Chilungo is a journalist who has currently lost his pupils and light of his eyes, he does not see anything passing in front of him, but what remained are the emotions of sounds and memories going round his head which he uses to interpret in his thoughts according to some of the doors of comprehension he remained with.
the only sense organs old Chilongo uses currently is the mouth, nose, ears and his skin whereas one of his sense organs which is the eyes currently don't have the ability to see and that has been his current weakness, initially, he was healthy with two eyes just like any other human being.
for anyone who knew Old Chilungo before will recognize how skillful and creative he was in his journalism profession especially in the radio station where he used to work, The radio of the council of Ruangwa district which is in Lindi province.
when you meet old Chilungo the first thing you will recognize is his ability to identify the voices of the people he used to work with in different times in different regions in the country, be it his journalism profession or in his service in the government.
he knows a person by name provided he hears his voice ones and that is the only identifying talent that the Almighty God has given him after his eyesight departed him.
Elder Chilungo's record is in his mind and in form of imagery in his brain and thus no one can say who he is, you cannot differentiate his ability from any other person with complete organs and this ability is among the things for which he thanks the Almighty God.
"this is my destiny, I don't blame the Almighty God giving me this disability, I believe that before you die you have not been created and God does not stop creating everyday," says old Chilongo as he explains the greatness of the Almighty God and what he has been destined for.
"the ways I used to pass before I can pass by myself without being led by anyone, my disability does not bar me from doing daily activities although there is a difficulty I go through but in this period of three years of my blindness I have started getting used to," he says.
just like it is a need of most people without any kind of disability, Oldman Chilungo has needs that is compatible with people of that kind but as a result of challenge that met him, he has accepted that situation although unwillingly but it is the actual situation and that is how his life is right now until the end of his life.
"truly before you die you have not been created, I was healthy, looking with two eyes just like you are looking but right now I don't have eyes, I interpret voices in emotions," Oldman Chilungo explains.
Oldman Chilungo who is a father in a family of five children was born in 1953 in the village of Ndekenyela, Ruangwa district in Lindi province got his primary, middle and secondary education between 1969 to 1972 from Lindi secondary school where before that he was in school in the year 1970.
he says that he was among the teachers who were chosen to teach the elderly Lindi town between the year 1973 and later a school of parents community which is in Amani in Dar es Salaam and later in the year 1976 he moved to Mwanza province in Ukerewe district.
"there I taught in Mulutunglu and later went back to Lindi province and chosen to be the head teacher in Nyangamala primary school which I was with for different periods in different schools until the year 2000 when I was appointed to be journalist officer of Ruangwa district council," he says.
Chilungo who is also a husband to one wife who he identified by the name Zainab Liwikila says that he went to study journalism profession in Bagamoyo where he later continued with journalistic work until 2009 when he got blind.
the source of blindness, Mister Chilungo says he does not know the source and the actual problem of his sickness but what he knows is that he started losing sight after a headache, "initially I started seeing darkness, eyes lost energy, I went to CCBRT hospital Dar es Salaam, I was told that I have a problem of blood connecting with the eye I was treated but I did not get better," says Chilungo.
he says that his thoughts shows him different pictures like cinema having different colors which he used to see before he went blind and that together with being in that situation he continued with work until when he retired teaching in the year 2011.
he has managed to build a house after getting blind whereas when he was healthy he never had the ability to build and that it has given him consolation since with the blindness he would have been a liability to the community had he been living in rental houses.
about his journalism work and his cooperation in the community of journalists of Lindi province, it's the representative of the acting committee of the club saying that together with being in that state of eye weakness, he still gets a great cooperation from his fellow journalists of the journalism club of Lindi province and those from Northern provinces.
"I thank all journalists from the Northern provinces who were touched in their hearts by my condition when we met more than 150 journalists in Iringa province, most of them shed tears and donated to me, this unity should be continued to others with problems like mine," he says.
he says that his club leaders including the chairman Abdulaziz Ahmed have been involving him in different activities and seminars that goes through the club without considering his condition.
he clarifies that there are his fellow journalists that give him assistance such as Juma Mweru who helps him in editing and going in the streets to record various programs which he broadcasts on the radio.
"Mapunda and Mweru have been a great help to me in my blind situation, they give me help with work and enable me to sustain my daily work well," he says.
he calls upon other people with disability to accept the state they are in and live like before and that such kind of problems should not be the start of living in dependence where also the government and private institutions should not isolate the physically challenged and to give them priority.
