<no-speech>
two suspects who were arrested and handed over to police by civilians are being held up to now following two explosions in Gikomba market in Nairobi which killed twelve people and injured seventy others on Friday .
those I have witnessed with my own eyes are ten people .
and people with injuries cannot even be counted .
it's quite a lot of people .
ten people have died .
yes ten people have died while seeing with these eyes .
and those who have been arrested are two people .
they should not tell us anyone has been caught and released .
we were holding two Somali men .
police have started shooting up bullets upon arriving here .
<no-speech>
analysts are saying this is a sign of increase in attacks being done by Somali Al-Shabaab militants against the government of Kenya and raising fears among the international community where the United Kingdom took its six hundred citizens on Friday the majority from Mombasa city .
as explosions occurred at fourteen hours in the afternoon President Uhuru Kenyatta was offering services in a different activity and immediately condemned it calling on Kenyan partners to unite .
this is our battle together and we must work together -- this is our fight together and we must work together in order to defeat it .
<no-speech>
and to remain and report -- tourists who were visiting Kenya began to leave in response to the warning given by their governments and especially tourism companies from the United Kingdom send two planes to pick them up .
some tourism companies have canceled their trips to Mombasa until November .
(()) Kenyans are knowledgeable and intelligent people .
but I am disappointed that we have been forced to cut down days of our vacation because of other people .
we feel the pain that is getting people whom we are leaving behind in hotel with staff .
we are very disappointed .
<no-speech>
Confederation of Tourism of Kenya is estimating effect occasioned by postponement of tourist trips will make Kenya lose around five billion Kenya shillings and it is blaming the government for not taking adequate measures to deal with terrorism .
dozen of people thought to have been killed as a result of gun and grenade attacks in this month alone here in Kenya is generally assumed that it is the work of the same group that caused the deaths of sixty-seven people in the famous Nairobi mall of Westgate in the month of September .
amid fears of increased violence number of visitors coming to Kenya have decreased by sixteen percent last year .
now France the United Kingdom United Stages and Australia are telling their citizens not to visit that East African country but Kenyan government says the warning is not a friendly act and that the tourists are safe .
but the security crackdown to combat terrorism held in Kenya in turn have sparked outrage among residents mainly Kenyans of Somali origin .
Somali activists have launched a campaign in the Twitter page against those crackdowns by the statement saying I am not a terrorist .
<no-speech>
hundreds of undocumented immigrants were flown back to their homes hundreds of others have been arrested and placed in the football field for inspection .
inspector of security issues Dennis Mtumbwi says the enemy is within .
I do not think there is anybody fighting us -- I do not think there is anyone fighting us from outside of any boundary .
whoever is fighting us is just among us and certainly we must clean the house .
<no-speech>
but the campaign leader Hamza Egal says Somali community is being discriminated .
since the crack down started it seems that there is only one side of the story .
immediately after the crackdown started it seemed that there was only one side of the story being described .
each one was regarded as a security risk or a terrorist .
and surely this is not the truth of the matter .
as part of campaign to search for terrorists Somali refugees have been ordered to migrate from the cities and move towards camps in northeastern Kenya .
a group that defends human rights Human Rights Watch have asked for the review of the security program while activists are asking the government to work with Somalis in dealing with the issue of security and not to be against them .
it is Abdi Shakur Abud Voice of America Washington .
<no-speech>
