a ladies magazine: it is not good to be happy when others get into challenges.
it is written by Theopista Nsanzugwanko.
published: 25 September 2016.
challenges in the life of human beings is a normal thing may it be on our own causes or caused by another person especially in the pursuit of getting a life.
sometimes you can find yourself in the struggle of life and you get advisers which from one reason or the other you will find yourself in the hands of the law or struggling with huge debts which from one way or the other can make someone to lose hope.
but during the struggle of life for sure you are not supposed to lose lose, to get development and to grow personal economically, the family that surrounds you and also the whole economy.
even though, there is a character that causes men to be courageous and to say women do not love each other, mainly from their own actions.
for example, you find a particular women who has risen in development and even to own a company or a big business, now when she gets a challenge her fellow women will start to make fun and be happy.
truly, character like this is not good in the least, what is required is to look in which way a woman like that who is brave was able to lift up herself economically and when she gets a problem it is good to follow up and understand deeply what afflicted her, but not to be happy or to laugh at her because of the problem she is going through.
I am saying that because of the truth that there are reasons that can bring down a woman in her efforts because of getting bad counsel and with her assistants or any other thing therefore it is good women to cry with each other when a problem happens and to laugh with them when they succeed.
it reach a time when a women gets into problems you suffer together, sitting and discussing how to help each other so as prevent those problems and if you will not be successful and she will be taken to the courts therefore use her weaknesses to improve the services of others but not to change the discussion.
it is not pleasing at all the woman who was owning a big business, then got problems, then her fellow women are the ones on the front line to laugh.
even if she falls it is good to look at how many have developed from her company or business.
remember this woman can have a family, brothers and relatives she helps, when a problem arises those who depend on her become main victims, therefore we should not laugh or celebrate, look at yourself if, the same happens to you how would things be?
when a fellow woman gets a problem pray that she overcomes it, because when you fight you reduce the number of successful groups.
I conclude by saying sure women can.
