(()) okay .
and which one will it be -- more we know that this nation now is faced with two big issues that are ahead .
there is the issue of constitution but it also has general elections .
<no-speech>
what is the position of these meetings in looking into these two big issues in this nation ?
yeah something that we can say in these meetings we will have Lord's prayer .
<no-speech>
yes we know that God have been of big help to our country we have faith that even those will also be conducted well and especially in the will of God .
therefore we will take the opportunity -- we will a long and much time to pray for this nation to ensure that this country gets a constitution that is clean and we will also take that responsibility of praying for this nation for it to go through general elections peacefully and for God to be able to give us a good leader who will maintain ethics and plans and all affairs that are good which we had in our country of Tanzania .
mmhm .
yeah it's not all people who take this word of prayer as a very big matter but we have seen in the past .
when we prayed to God he did .
God we totally believe he is there really and he is who places the government .
he protects them and I tell people that God gave us a very good national anthem that when we sing is a prayer .
therefore the aspect of prayer will be very big but we also offer education .
education to our believers to use their position because they are the same Tanzanians who will definitely vote .
definitely .
and even in the constitution we provided our opinions and encouraged them wholeheartedly .
our believers to do so .
and in the elections similarly we offer education to register -- and going to vote and to elect a right leader .
let them not accept bribes -- let them not accept things that are not helpful .
but they make the right choice and by praying that God absolutely that he lead them .
mmhm .
absolutely -- absolutely .
let me say that I think there is no other that is left among all those .
have we finished ?
more we thank a lot T_B_C for giving us this opportunity and let's continue to invite absolutely absolutely especially Dar es Salaam people who are in this area welcome on Wednesday at exactly eight o'clock in the national stadium we celebrate apostolic .
mmhm .
yeah .
do you have anything pastor ?
I think it's that call -- it's that call that we welcome and even those who come from far places mmhm can come they can travel and come .
I think there are very many people who are coming .
mmhm .
therefore we welcome all people to this big and important event .
but when I travel from the province to come here I should also prepare myself that it's a place to sleep .
absolutely .
or will you house me ?
will you prepare a place to sleep and to eat for us ?
for real let's agree that it's not easy .
therefore every person who is coming to prepare himself ?
but mainly he will be fed spiritually ?
okay .
let me say am grateful for your time and certainly you will continue with it again in the radio side for the sake of those who have not been able to hear and let me say all the best and -- we will be happy to come and get those special blessings from this president of world Adventist .
welcome .
thank you a lot welcome .
let's be ready for news report by Agnes (()) .
when I return later we will look at the whole issue of eating of food and reproductive health .
(()) .
