27 December 2012
Chadema answers CCM's issue about Lema's membership of parliament and good leadership
by Goodluck Hongo
the party of democracy and development (Chadema), has said the revolution party (CCM), is supposed to tell Tanzanians the truth about the billions hidden outside the country and the step taken instead of pretending to be the State House and government spokesmen.
the director of communication and campaigns for Chadema who is also Ubongo's member of parliament, Mister John Mnyika said that in Dar es Salaam yesterday while speaking with this newspaper in responding to Mapigoyo CCM that, the winning of Arusha's member of parliament appeal Mister Godbless Lema is a result of good leadership of the party in power.
he said their part once complained to State House about the interruption of Mister Lema's case but whoever answers is CCM.
he wanted Tanzanians to remember that CCM through its cadres are the ones who opened the case to obstruct the interest of Arusha's citizens who elected Mister Lema as their member of parliament and questioned proper governing of the party in power.
"had Chadema not appealed, had lawyers or did not have the ability to fight for citizen's rights about the decision of the Arusha High Court, today Mister Lema would not be the member of parliament for that region," said Mister Mnyika.
he added that it is good CCM stopped propaganda and instead go to the provinces and explain to the citizens how many old politicians have renewed themselves, how many corrupt individuals have they removed from the government and repossessed their property.
"taxpayers money that has been stashed out of the country and it is not only in Switzerland but also in the Mauritius islands, if CCM really wants to go back to God, it should implement this first," he said.
he said according to the constitution, the government has a duty to the citizens who are the ones with power and authority and so the government should be responsible to the citizens and not to CCM.
he wanted CCM to keenly read the Chadema constitution, the third article about the power of the people and that us why the Chadema executive committee projected that the year 2013 is to push the government to be accountable to the citizens through the power of the people and not in any other way.
"the act of CCM announcing that the year 2013 is a working year means they previously had been sitting idle instead of being accountable to the citizens since they took power," said Mister Mnyika.
