who threw a child arrested
by Gerald Bwisa
Uasin Gishu County Police have arrested a 25-year-old woman who was found throwing a one month old baby in a water well.
the woman was arrested yesterday by residents in the village of Kamagut shortly after throwing the baby in a water well.
it is alleged that she had left her husband a few days before doing the brutal act.
Missus Mercy Chirchir a resident in the village, who witnessed the act, said she was going to fetch water when she saw the woman throwing something into the well.
"it was late and I was going to draw water to prepare lunch for my children, I was just a few steps before coming to the well and saw the woman throwing something in when she saw me she went back to her house if she had not done anything," said Missus Chirchir.
she said she was shocked to find the baby floating on the water and she screamed at once to call the residents who arrived immediately.
the residents went to the woman's house and reprimanded her for her actions.
one old woman who witnessed the act objected to the act and asked girls who were unable to raise children to avoid the act of marriage or to go to hospital to be trained on using contraceptive methods.
she said in doing so they would avoid such brutal acts.
police took the baby's body to the mortuary at Moi Referral Hospital, Eldoret.
the woman is detained at Soy police station waiting to be charged.
elsewhere, body of a middle-aged man yesterday was found hanging at his home in Kameturi village, Bomet.
Mister Bernard Chepkwony, who was believed to have committed suicide, was found by his relatives at dawn.
the chair that he used, was found under his feet.
the casual arrived at his home at eleven o'clock in the night after being drunk.
Chepkwony's mother, Missus Esther Taplule, said his wife had escaped for several weeks.
"he came home complaining.
we reassured him and he left.
we did not know it would the last time to see him," the woman who was flooded with tears told the National Today via telephone.
more information by Anita Chepkoech.
