TFF to reward Kili Queens 22 million.
written by our writer.
published: 24 September 2016.
the President of the Tanzania Football Federation (TFF), Jamal Malinzi has promised to give the national team of Tanzania women, Kilimanjaro Queens, 10 thousand American dollars (equivalent to 22 million shillings) after that team takes over the championship of Chalenji.
he said that during the evening which was prepared for the players to take over the championship in that first competition in East Africa which were held in Jinja Uganda.
and the Minister of News, Tradition, Arts and Sports, Nape Nnaye, said he is happy with the championship of that team and insisted that it has erased the thoughts of Kenyans who have been announcing that Mount Kilimanjaro is in their country Kenya.
due to the championship and defending the country, Nape, who was accompanied by six members of parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania, promised to search for sponsorship for the team and for some players to get jobs in different regions, especially in various companies that have invested in the country.
I am here with members of parliament.
the November parliamentary session will begin in first November, I am inviting you to Parliament.
we will speak to the speaker to break the rules of Parliament so that you can enter the parliament with our trophy.
I will ask the members of parliament to get their little allowances so as to award you when you arrive.
"we will have a football game between you and members of parliament, and for every goal that you will score against the members of parliament will be paid one million shillings".
"I am the one who will be counting goals, but you should know, it won't be easy work scoring against members of parliament".
they are good," Nape said. who is also an MP for Mtama province and his decision was supported by Parliament Sports Club chairperson, William Ngeleja.
others present were Bupe Mwakang'ata, Alex Gashaza, John Kanuti who apart from being an MP is a delegate in the TFF convention together with Venance Mwamoto, former national team star and division B coach.
the journey to victory for Kilimanjaro Queens started at the group stages by beating Rwanda 3-2 before drawing with Ethiopia that also got a victory of 3-2 against Rwanda.
Tanzania and Ethiopia drew and tossed the coin, where Tanzania became first in group B in that way to play with Uganda which was beaten 4-0 goals in the semi-finals before winning 2-1 in the finals against Kenya.
