culture, custom, tradition and change Jun 28, 2012
in matters affecting development efforts, and sometimes to cut them short and return them back is culture, tradition, and oral tradition.
culture has often been described to be a social or national example, a community's spirit and a source of general guidance to the relevant people.
the complexity of the concept of culture is emerging in many aspects, and not always in the involved community can agree on what is in line with their culture and what does not fit them.
often what is called a culture can be shown to be a matter of being brought in for some interest and is not skeptical in the tradition of the community.
in addition, what can be accepted as a part of social tradition of tomorrow may have changed and seemingly inappropriate.
it is also true that the class of administrators and capitalists greatly affect cultural attitudes by making their thoughts, their desires and their interests to be cultural pillars without any degree of reference that reflect to the traditions for a long time to the extend of gaining approval.
there are things that every time I look at them, I hear, I read, I ask myself questions.
for example, there was a time when this country was confronted with a campaign to ban short women's clothing.
it was forbidden for a girl to wear short gowns or skirts and walk on the road.
union of the youth of the ruling party had the task of moving across the city to arrest girls with short clothes and it became a reality.
big conferences were held, which were addressed by senior national leaders and several directions are given about how to dress.
even the tourists who came down from the plane were tied scandals so that they could cover their parts not to be seen publicly.
it was a breakthrough period.
the disadvantages we experienced in that ignorance were certainly a lot.
one thing is that some people who wanted to visit Tanzania changed their plans and went elsewhere.
in the years of rabbi I met a woman from Cape Verde in Paris.
when she was told that I came from Tanzania she was happy to express gratitude and praise our country for its support in the liberation movement of her country, Cape Verde, I was feeling happy.
she immediately said words that discouraged me: but, with a strong political stand in support of our movements, your people are very backward.
I came with our party leader, of PAIGC (the party for the liberation of Guinea Bissau and Cape Verde).
we arrive at Dar es Salaam airport, we have dropped off the plane, and immediately I am surrounded by the women wishing to dress me and let my feet not appear!
I refused and got a sharp controversy until the head of the caravan ordered me to wear the piece of cloth.
it bothered me very much because my legs are good, not to be hidden.
I vowed not to return to Tanzania, though I was so impressed by Mwalimu's position of redemption.
we came to be good friends, but he did not hesitate to make fun of me on a regular basis about the story.
I am telling this story because we realized that what we were doing at that time was not very important, though we were told that we were guarding "the culture of our country."
later this thing made me ask myself a lot about our focus in thoughts and actions.
in one of the things that came to me at once, each time I passed through the field I was met with women who went on with their daily activities dressed in very short dresses, and most of them were letting their breasts hang without worry.
I recalled that African mother's breast is not a part of sexual passion at all, but it is her baby's restaurant, and the restaurant does not need to be hidden by coverings.
prohibitions on short dresses and bans on public exposure of breasts is a teaching brought by foreigners who, when they came to us, their culture forbid a woman to show her heels and breasts were, in fact, the secret of the husband.
that was a culture called "Victorian" because it was experienced under the reign of the British Queen Victoria.
Victoria's fashion has made the African culture a mockery and is another sign that we have been mentally and psychologically imprisoned.
such scenes are too many.
but, in our creativity, we went far beyond the teachings we received from Victoria's representatives.
if not creativity, if you think that we banned, not only short dresses but also bell-bottoms and Pecos which were not banned during the reign of Victoria Falls because they did not occur in those days.
the Pecos also has a little story.
five years before the "Pecos" emerged in the city, teenagers began to wear pants that were tight from the waist downwards till you wondered how the pants are worn and stripped.
it's just as if a person was sewed into trousers and on the day to take it off it will have to be cut with scissors.
youths of the party went into action looking for young people dressed in "massacre" trousers and it became a difficult task.
young people wearing against "our culture" were stopped on the way and were forced to show that a bottle of beer could pass through the mouth of pants, otherwise they were "shattered."
this activity was terminated only when Mwalimu Nyerere rebuked it calling it foolishness.
in a private conversation he said: "if you were a youth you would stop me.
you want to pass one bottle.
I would have made the pants to pass five bottles, and then see what you will do."
after five years, it came to "Pecos", as did Mwalimu predict.
if it was true that short clothes were forbidden by the teachings of Victoria agents, "Pecos" was forbidden from whose teachings?
no one.
what has been done is to prevent we are not used to because we are not sure and it can be dangerous to us and to our lives we are used to.
anyone who read "Kusadikika" (Shaaban Robert) knows how Karama's biggest opposition to his country has been to want to embark on an unprecedented profession in the country.
that is the situation described as "Conservative", a perspective that doubts any kind of change, wanting to store things as they are and how they were made.
it is a situation that has severely damaged our country and will continue to hurt us until we get a daunting generation trying something new.
well, there are things to be kept and every community and every country has something it likes and desires it to continue.
there are traditions that promote gentleness, generosity, love, honesty and avoiding frauds, lies, contentions, cruelty, laziness, greed, spirituality and so on.
of course, the prohibition of bad behavior has the importance of being kept.
bad behavior need to be banned, even if they begin to be deteriorated among us.
there is no meaningful culture in which you call for evil deeds.
as the community increasingly acquires academic development and opens up the eyes, that's how evil behavior is increasingly beaten, frustrated and eventually abandoned.
some changes of this kind are seen as they occur in front of our eyes, but we often find it difficult to recognize them.
it comes from our homes, it is happening in the offices, we see them on the street, we hear them in parliament.
culture is changing but we are reluctant to recognize these changes.
we are reluctant to recognize it especially when we have an objection that does not accept fundamental changes.
