Minister Shamsa misleads Parliamentary Committee speaker May 31, 2012
speaker of parliament, Samuel Sitta, said the Land Committee, Natural Resources and Environment, led by Kongwa MP, Job Ndugai, made a mistake to agree with the Minister of Natural Resources and Tourism on a decision that had been made to interfere with the legislature's mandate and mandate to extend the scope of the hunting blocks ownership contrary to the original resolutions of the institution.
according to the Speaker, what should be done is that the Chairman of the Committee gives a quick report to the Parliamentary Committee at least so that it can use its discretion on the issue and the Standing Committee of Parliament doesn't decide to go against parliamentary resolutions.
the commentary of the Speaker is based on the recent event of the Kwela MP, Doctor Chrisant Mandakaya, to submit a personal argument to the parliament requesting the Parliament to issue alternative resolutions against the steps of Minister of Natural Resources and Tourism, Shamsa Mwangunga, to interfere with Parliament's rights and powers.
Mwagunga was required to increase the ownership of the hunting blocks that his expiry should end this year.
he added that time with more than three years, when Parliament already announced that the deadline would end this year in accordance with the original contracts of the owners to reorganize the process of redistribution should be done.
in his defence on the issue, Minister Mwangunga told Parliament that he had changed the decision after submitting the grounds for doing so on the Land Committee, Natural Resources and Environment, on January 12, this year since the Assembly meeting was not yet started.
the Assembly meeting began on January 27, this year.
after Minister Mwangunga submitted his proposal to the committee, the committee agreed with the matter that the Committee had interfered with the Parliament's right and authority because it had agreed with the decision without submitting that argument to the parliament so that the Parliament would probably dismiss its original resolutions.
but also in their defence, the committee through its chairperson, Job Ndugai, claims that it could not submit the statement to the parliament because the Minister had to make a decision to extend the time before the major Nevada hunting conference in the United States where he announced to the block owners that the period had been extended three more years and wrote them a letter.
however, in his comment to good Citizen, the Speaker said if there was an emergency and weighty issue, wisdom should be applied to the Ndugai Committee to submit the information of the Minister to the Parliamentary Leadership Committee.
the Parliamentary Leadership Committee is composed of the Speaker, Deputy Speaker, the Chairman of the Parliament and all the chairman of the Standing Committee of Parliament.
this is the highest organ of Parliament that makes decisions on various issues relating to the conduct of the Assembly of the Democratic Republic of Tanzania.
the wishes that should be applied in this regard, especially from the Land Committee, Natural Resources and Environment, to determine that there is an initial resolution of the Parliamentary Assembly, is to present the actual situation in the Management Committee.
but this is something that should be done if there are basic causes and it happens very rarely, said the Speaker and added that:
I do not believe in the state the Minister was advised to do this (interfere with the constitutional rights and values).
however, as I explained in Parliament, the Minister apologized to the Assembly and it has been satisfied and even a person gave the element in his argument that Parliament would appeal to the Minister.
among the emerging debate on parliamentary members supporting the decision of Minister Mwangunga to extend the ownership period of the blocks is that the State may be charged if it does not implement the decision because it has already informed the owners.
but this argument is severely opposed by some members who have reached the point of demanding hunting operations to be completely eliminated because the country does not benefit adequately.
Kigoma North MP Kabwe Zitto, is surprised to claim that the government will be charged but emphasizes that it will not be the first time the government will be charged.
the government was charged after breaking its contract with the City Water company and was charged and eventually fined but the Government broke a contract with Richmond.
so making a favorable decision to the nation is a fundamental issue, emphasizes Kabwe.
some of the controversies seen in parliament claim that some MPs have benefited from goals of wanting the block owners to be added more time.
it is alleged that some MPs and Ministers have benefited most of them aiming at collecting money with a view to ensuring victory in the polls of their party in the year.
but it is also alleged that some in the tourist hunting sector are among the group of corrupt suspects who have planned to collect money for ensuring that the strong parliamentary members are fall in the polls this year and that the addition of ownership period of the blocks is part of the revenue to achieve the strategy.
