Wednesday, July 25, 2012.
the best farming for rice irrigation.
proper preparation of the land is a fundamental fact in improving rice irrigation farming.
if the land is not prepared well, it causes the good recommended methods to not show results at the expected levels especially in the level of production.
fundamentally land preparation is supposed to take place correctly and timely in the expected procedure.
the following are the seven important fundamental steps in rice farming:
1. cleaning the land.
clean the land early before the season starts.
collect and destroy stumps and all other garbage.
remnants of crops can be used in making nutrient manure.
if necessary, use fire very carefully because fire can destroy the environment, kill friendly insects, destroy soil and burn compost.
2. farming
cultivation helps to reduce weeds, allows good air and water circulation, makes it easy for the roots to penetrate and mixes crop residues in the ground.
when cultivating, anticipation is needed to prevent damage to the equilibrium of the land.
the depth of cultivation is 10 and 15 centimeters.
in order to make cultivation work easy and fast, it's good to use easy tools/machines like motorized and animal-drawn tractors.
3. to renovate/construct corded edges.
after digging, ensure that corded edges have been renovated to be able to conserve water well.
if it's new land, corded edges construction should be done by following the given expertise.
a firm edge is important to control the water well in the field.
4. disturbing
put water in the field about 3 to 5 centimeter above the ground level to complete good distortion.
the hoe is used but to make work easy and fast it's good to use motorised or animal-drawn tractors.
when using animal-drawn or motorised tractors, don't put water in the field more than a day before.
the well shaped field enables the roots of seedling to penetrate into the soil well.
5. balancing the field.
after disturbing its necessary that the field has been activated good.
the farm which is rectify, allows good penetration of water.
during rectification, the water source has to be 3-5 centimeter over the same ground level to make the work easy. this work uses a wood rake to pull out the residue from the upper parts going through lower parts.
6. the causes and effects for misleading of water irrigation.
to get enough water, it's necessary to ensure that lack of irrigation water is reduced to a large extent and farmers irrigate at the required level without exceeding the level.
sources of improper water irrigation in schemes, for example, includes: water that runs out from the main pipes, in the middle and those small ones for distributing water in the fields
water that is lost in the fields during irrigation.
the loss of water in the drainage, in the center and those for distributing water is caused by the type of soil that made the drainage edges, the dirt and poor construction of drainage.
in a number of schemes the lack of water in the drainage is caused by leaking in the embankment of the drainage and soaking underneath was a major impact to the availability of water in the lands that are far from the edges.
equally another effect was a lot of water going to areas it wasn't needed and causing water to be still for a long time.
therefore farmers are advised to reduce this water shortage in the drainage through construction and cementing.
the water shortage in farms during irrigation is caused by leakage in the embankment that surrounds the corded edges, leaking underneath and exceeding the amount of irrigation that is needed.
this is mostly caused by poor construction of the corded edges.
the construction of the corded edges and the stabilization of the corded edges has helped in reducing water shortage to a large extent and eventually increasing production and farmers' income.
7. transplanting rice
in order to get a big harvest and to make rice cultivation profitable it's useful for farmers to follow these special techniques and abandon arbitrary cultivation by pouring seeds one by one in the field.
furthermore, farmers who follow these principles have found great success.
profits that are found from transplanting rice.
the farmer can choose the best seedlings in the garden.
the seedlings grows fast and healthy.
a small amount of seeds are needed.
the harvest becomes bigger
ways of transplanting rice seeds.
there are two main ways of transplanting rice seedlings, they are:
transplanting through lines.
transplanting without using lines (slow slow).
in addition, between these two ways, the way of planting on the line is the one that is more recommended.
with transplanting through the line, it needs more strength and work, this way shows that it has a lot of success compared to haphazardly planting.
a farm that is planted in lines is easy to weed by hand.
also it is easy for the farmer to arrange the amount of plants in the area by choosing the space that will give an abundant harvest.
creation of seedlings
before planting the seedlings in the farm, it is important to do the following preparations
it is advised to water the seedlings first to make it easy to uproot.
to prevent the seedlings from breaking, the seedlings should be uprooted by holding them at the stem.
avoid uprooting many seedlings at once.
seedlings are tied in small portions to simplify transportation and transplanting in the field.
only the best seedlings are the chosen.
attributes of quality seedlings
they should be the same size.
they should have short leaves that are standing, they have a lot of roots which are healthy, they are not infested by pests or diseases.
how to plant seedlings
hold the seedlings with three fingers the way it is shown on the picture below
plant between 2 to 3 seedlings in every stem
for this to be more successful, the seedlings should be planted in a depth of 2-3 centimeters.
