DNA shows that Sonko is not the father to a child in Kwale
by Farouk Mwabege
investigation from the government laboratory has determined that Nairobi Senator, Mister Mike Sonko is not the biological father of a child he is being claimed to have given birth to with one woman from Kwale County.
this was determined yesterday in a case where one woman has presented a case against the senator claiming that Mister Sonko to be forced to care for a child she is claiming to have given birth to with him.
a report of the government laboratory in Mombasa, which was signed by Mister George Ogunda was presented in the court yesterday and explained that the child is not Sonko's.
however, complainant's lawyer, Mister Leonard Shimaka strongly opposed the results of that investigation.
before the Resident Magistrate of Kwale, Miss Christine Njagi, Mister Shimaka said that the investigation was not in an appropriate manner.
"validity of these results would have been determined only if the children's mother would have been completely involved in that exercise," said Mister Shimaka.
that lawyer revealed that the Senator took those children when they had come from school and went with them in one hotel in Mombasa town where the exercise took place.
he said that the situation is a doubted one especially when it is considered that it is only one child who was examined by a private doctor.
these results have doubts.
therefore, it is my request that exercise be repeated afresh for us to save time for this court," said Mister Shimaka.
he recommended that the exercise be done afresh at Path Care hospital in Mombasa town and all involved parties to be involved.
"integrity of Path Care hospital is of high standard and the results shall be submitted directly to this court, said the lawyer.
that lawyer also submitted a request which required the Senator to continue taking care of those children by buying them food worth 15,000 shillings every month at Nakumatt shop in Ukunda area and also to pay for their school fees until when that shall conclude.
the senator's lawyer, Miss Lydiah Kwamboka agreed to that request but strongly opposed claims that the DNA investigations were done in an invalid manner.
"that investigation took place in the hospital and considered all important criteria," said Missus Kwamboka.
that case will be heard on December 17.
