now today a misunderstanding broke out between fish traders at the ferry market and the Ilara municipality director .
concerning the appointment of an investor at the market that has been built through the assistance of Japanese development agencies .
traders at the Dar es Salaam ferry fish market have opposed the action taken by the Ilara municipality director to announce tenders for the collection of garbage levy and garbage removal at the market .
in the resolutions of their meeting fish traders in this market claim that the bidding process had not involved them and the contract indicates that the bidder will pay the Ilara municipality thirty million shillings each month in order to be able to undertake sanitation services inside and out of the market and will pay himself through collecting levy from the fishermen and fish traders .
Jumanne Pazia the Chairman for the fruits and vegetables stalls association at the market has said that they oppose the decision because in case -- (()) B_E_C_H_C_O_M will start working at the beginning of April this year as planned -- the most affected would be the fish traders who will also on one side be forced to increase fish prices and thus hurt the consumer .
the municipality should respect us because they have been taking taxes from us for ten years now .
they have not refunded us even ten shillings .
today they hand us bids .
how exactly we ask ourselves ?
this bid that you are forcing on us director how much has it given us in return ?
the owners of modern buildings built and refined by mirrors can reduce more than fifty percent of the cost of servicing their buildings through the rope access technology where buildings are cleaned using ropes instead of crane machines .
speaking before commencing the work on cleaning the C_M building in Dar es Salaam city Abdukari Mtumba a specialist in the technology said the rope access technology could be used to clean a tall building with a height of up to two hundred feet in a short time .
therefore for us here -- it is very easy .
we are using rope access we use ropes -- to fasten and what but this accident is a rope access function .
<no-speech>
so for example to clean maybe this window maybe from top to bottom you can spend about thirty minutes from the top there to this point and Charles Mtawali the building's owner has said rope access technology can -- it enables the owners of tall buildings to do regular cleaning on their buildings and thus keep the town and city of Dar es Salaam in a pleasant and attractive state at all times .
that we are just striving -- to help the citizens there are many jobless youth to learn this job to make endless income .
the number of clients using the service to send and receive money through M_Pesa of the Vodacom cell phone company has risen to between fifteen and twenty percent each month after the method proved to be easier and secure than any other kind of money transfer .
while speaking at a ceremony to present the winner of the M_Pesa promotion Peter James Kilalo a prize of ten million shillings Dylan Lennox the M_Pesa services director said the promotion has increased customer confidence in the M_Pesa service .
on his part Kilalo has said gaming is like a dream that one day can come true and has therefore advised Vodacom customers to continue participating in the M_Pesa promotion .
I do not believe that these things exist .
but today because it has happened to me I believe that the trading consulting companies and the Nihilent communications technology of India have set up a commercial partnership with the Equip trade and good management consulting company in Tanzania that will help the two companies to grow commercially and provide better customer service .
while speaking during the launch of the partnership Minur Dastur the Executive Director for Nihilent and the Executive Director for Equip Kahwa said that there are many investment opportunities in the country that require local and foreign traders to cooperate in order to make full use of those opportunities .
they said that their cooperation would involve the exchange of experiences in trade affairs and would help Tanzanian traders engage in competitive business .
for me today I'm very excited because it's basically from our interaction our value proposition and your intervalue proposition complement each other whereby we (()) -- whereby we can offer an end to end solution to our clients .
if we work we want to be more efficient we want to be more productive we want A better cost to income ratio that is how we end our news on business and the economy for our T_B_C One viewer .
my name is Stanley Ganze continue being with us on a day and time like today .
