Sheria Ngowi: discontinuance is the measure of just clouds.
October 06, 2016 by our online writer
it is not easy for the fashion designer to get to the point of being popular and reaching out to many people.
it requires to be with high level of creativity.
the biggest designers in the world for many years did not reach to those reputations easily.
it is by work and talent especially.
for a designer to be considered among the biggest designers, he must be successful in the major fashion towns in the world like Paris, New York and Milan.
and that is how it is for the likes of Gabrielle "Coco" Bonheur Chanel, Donna Karan, Giorgio Armani and Calvin Klein.
it is also the same thing to the likes of Donatella Versace, Ralph Lauren, Pierre Cardin and Yves Saint Laurent.
it does not matter how long the designer has been around, but prosperity depends on the same things.
and those are what our Tanzanian youth Sheria Ngowi went through.
yet he has not managed to travel to those fashion towns of the world, but nothing is preventing him from doing so.
it is true that many of the popular fashioners in the world come from the country of France and America and few from Italy.
but the truth remains there there that Sheria Ngowi for now is in his own space in this field of fashion especially for men clothes.
and that is why I have the audacity to say that to all the Tanzanians to be behind him and to support him, he will reach to also to be known more in the East African countries, Africa and later New York, Paris and Milan will be just time.
white men say, only the sky is the limit.
together with the popularity of this youth in fashion, he is also in the social network just like many other businesses across the world at the moment.
and that's exactly why I would like to look at this youth.
in Twitter, Sheria Ngowi is followed by 32,818 people and follows 644 people.
among the famous people that he is following in Twitter include senior national leaders like Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa, President John Magufuli and several ministers.
also, there is a respected intellectual in the country called Professor Issa Shivji.
others are renowned politicians in the continent of Africa like Dlamini Zuma who is the chairperson of the African Union Commission, Kizza Besigye who is the leader of the opposition in Uganda, Allassane D.
Quattara, the President of Ivory Coast.
also he is following Barack Obama, Mike Tyson and Calvin Clein.
in Facebook he is followed by a total of 19,229 people.
this makes him to be among the Tanzanians with a great influence in different social media.
in a big way he uses Facebook in order to show different clothing designs, especially men's suits.
in addition to showing clothes and different styles there are issues that he has been writing about and pleases me truly.
he uses all two languages of English and Swahili with great eloquence.
one of those issues is when he wrote that, and I quote," all days I have been believing and knowing that every part of my life has been a part of God's plan because of me".
every step that I make, takes me closer to my real dream.
father told me to be patient, and most importantly to pray because of greatness.
in Twitter he uses that website mostly because of informing Tanzanians on different matters happening in the country that is together with putting pictures of those happenings.
this is as a result of the truth that the Twitter social media has been used more by people who instead of putting matters concerning them more personally, instead they have been putting national issues or development thoughts more, different from other media.
in the day that I am preparing this article is the day that by good luck this stylist is born.
I wish him good memories of being born, good life and more greatness in designs and fashion in the country and in the world.
