West Africa awed by the Swahili culture shown by Diamond in the video 'I say to you, I say to you'
African culture
the video shows the culture of a Swahili from the coast who has inherited many things from the Arabs.
these are the things that Africa and the whole world have learned from colonial history.
through the video and his song, Diamond has given fans in Nigeria, Ghana, South Africa and other countries outside of East Africa, the true picture of a Swahili's way of life.
Taarab and Mduara are songs with Tanzania origins and therefore a song such as 'I say to you' represents what we can proudly call Tanzanian music.
the act of incorporating the country's media queen Khadija Kopa, has added great value to the song.
not forgetting to mention that Khadija Kopa and Hanscana have been placed where now the eye of Africa is seeing them.
these are new concepts for countries like Nigeria and Ghana.
these are things that their artists do not give them because it is not their culture.
that's why as well as not understanding Kiswahili they are still drawn to the video and the song because they are listening to new tunes and seeing different pictures.
"I don't understand a single word but Diamond is honestly as his name says."
loyal fan from Namibia.
"#teamdiamond," wrote Rauha Vroutjie.
yesterday Diamond's name was successful in attaining the first position on the trend topics on Twitter's website just a few hours after releasing the video.
for a Tanzanian artist to to trend in Lagos, Nigeria is not a common thing, it's great.
Diamond has crossed the point of being a famous artist in Tanzania alone and has become a popular artist in Africa.
if he lands in Luanda, Angola or Gaborone, Botswana, without doubt many will recognize his face.
the part he has reached, he has the ability to do any song and Africa will understand him.
creating a song with Tanzanian flavor is the best decision he has made.
therefore the emphasis I would like to make here is that we cannot intimidate the Nigerians who are currently the champions of music in Africa, if we imitate their music and give them the same flavor as given by their artists.
they can not be shocked
consider this example.
if you are a resident of Bukoba and you've come to visit your brother in Dar es Salaam, then bananas being the only food that he gives you, how would you feel?
you have left bananas filled to the brim in Bukoba only to come to Dar and get served bananas again?
ponder.
therefore artists who are lucky to associate with great artists from Nigerian or South Africa, in order for their collaboration to be seen to be meaningful they need to create songs with Tanzanian flavor so as to give a different tune to the lovers of that music.
for those artists who have had the luck of acquiring big names, if they want to be taken seriously they should make sure they compose songs in universal genres which include Hip Hop, R&B or Pop
they should compose songs with original Tanzanian flavor, namely Bongo Flava.
if a Tanzanian does Kwaito or Nigerian music I feel that he would not get anywhere.
