now ahh the biggest thing first I would like to know their story .
the good thing is that their history and me are similar but then I have to look at the votes to see who that total will -- to produce history .
eh Tina or is it Regina .
now look at Regina .
ahh Regina please bring your history of -- of you as you before we go into these films .
maybe it is -- let me start by saying that we were born in the year eighty -- eighty two in Mara province .
we are Kurias <foreign> but there is no war here .
<foreign> we are six in our family on the mothers side you know Kurias marry many wives .
mmhm therefore on our mother's side we are six and we are not the only twins there are other twins there mmhm in our family .
and then we found a primary school right there in Musoma but thereafter we moved to Morogoro for high school .
that is what we did and then we went to colleges a bit in Kongororo and then we went and moved to Dar es Salaam where we currently live in Dar es Salaam .
and this is our home .
ahh and how do the two of you stay at home ?
at home we are me and him are the owners of the house and then we have our children each one has a child .
and how are your children ?
they have a difference of two months .
Magongo is -- is three years and six months old and his is three years and four months .
to understand is they are things that came together . eh yours is how old ?
three years and six months .
and this is three years and two months -- four .
meaning they have a very small difference .
it is not that too so when you hear this you see me the same way .
eh me too the same way .
fine .
it was so in reality and %incomplete
how was it meaning that you are the one who started is it not ?
I am the one who started and it is true I wanted to -- I desired to get a child .
mmhm and then it came about .
so when it happened or it is because I have found you should also work hard .
these months should not pass you should also get eh eh because we are twins we like to do things together .
eh his idea which he meets in his mind and he does not tell me again and -- I also meet it I feel in the (()) he feels .
therefore in that period we were both ready to get children so say %incomplete
and because he is older he has been the first one .
when you just get tell me .
so that we give each other space the first month -- let us just give each other space for two months and I %incomplete
it cannot be man that is God's will .
you know you cannot tell when pregnancy comes in eh .
eh yeah that is the plan that God granted us .
because we love each other he said then -- you know if he had a child alone and I don't have a child there could have been another condition so that it is that -- that I could feel bad at times .
but the Almighty God blessed both of us .
so you didn't -- you didn't want your fellow to feel bad when you insist on him man work hard this month should not end eh no I did not insist on him like he said it is God's plan and then also I think it is one good thing when you look at the kids the company they give each other sometimes I think that what if the child was one who could he or she play with ?
they have themselves come to be like twins .
sometimes people ask for example if I have gone with them I have taken them to clinic or we have taken them to clinic -- we have gone to the mall or other different places someone says are theses children twins ?
because they have -- and we sometimes dress them in uniform -- yes and so that when you leave you are you are uniform eh yeah .
they just see that these uniform all these are twins eh .
twins yeah .
they say that you are a twin and you have twin babies ?
then it is interesting comedy very interesting .
and how is it that your lovers don't confuse who is who ?
or you just do it to them intentionally that today you want to confuse this eh ?
if we -- if we decide to this it is true he might not know .
but we don't have to do that stereotype .
and you have never ?
and we have never .
except the first time when we are knowing each other for example when the father to my child came eh at the shop we were meeting for the first time .
the second time when he came he found this one .
mm he was telling stories with her thinking that it was me but immediately I entered he remained heh .
and there you did not tell him that we are two ?
I told him but you know someone cannot know if you look that much alike .
ahh you have seen .
you know telling someone but someone knows they will look alike but he cannot think that you look alike to a confusing extend .
and -- and also we don't want them to confuse but I remember the past years Tina was in the kitchen cooking and then her boyfriend came home .
so I was the one who opened the door .
and then he came straight he wanted to kiss her because he knew it was -- it was me .
I told him in-law wait he was so shocked he said mm you know when you look alike and these days differentiating how is it today I told him then you haven't known yet that we look alike .
if you look alike ?
yeah .
so still -- but right now they have known you well ?
<no-speech>
yeah they know but at times -- like if he finds me seated .
you know he has come in unexpectedly and found me seated he must first look mm I went to attack someone else and then we have come automatically when he had come you know for sure mine has come and then you stand rather than leaving and then he starts going why should he keep on getting confused or confusing .
