where does that confidence come from?
July 05, 2012
unfortunately, for several weeks now after having another doctors' strike in the country, there are Tanzanians who support that strike.
there are those who support it on grounds that services in the health sector needs to be improved, but there are those who support it believing there are political benefits that they can get either individually or with their associations.
whatever the case, we believe that there are no reasons that will convince a critical patient who needs the services of the doctors, to endure suspension of health services as a way of supporting the doctors' strike to proceed forth.
if only the groups supporting the doctors' strike could get to the wards in some of the hospitals in the country to get the opinions of the patients as whether the strike should continue or not, without a doubt the patients would want that strike to be halted, soonest possible.
unfortunately, those giving the opinion indicating support for the strike are not sick and maybe have no patients who are affected by the strike.
they can't know a patient's misery failing to get the services of the doctors.
on our side, we collaborate with all the patients to request doctors to return to work, to save the lives of their fellow human beings whose lives cannot be used as a ransom to fulfill any other claims.
it is against the law and humanity to force implementation of certain clams using someone else's life.
the medical profession gives doctors the right to protect human life through treatment whenever they fall ill.
it is not just, for patients' illnesses to be used as a 'shield' for doctors to compel the government to pay them the dues they deserve.
in simple terms is that, striking on patients is cruelty against human rights.
let's ask ourselves, where does that courage to strike on patients come from?
our advise is that the press should head to hear the opinions of the patients instead of pursuing to hear the activists or politicians who primarily don't know the discomfort or pain of lacking treatment.
we still ask ourselves, where does this confidence of the doctors to continue sabotaging the patients not for a few hours but for several weeks come from?
is it courage to claim interests only, is it because of improving health services in the country alone?
but if it's about improving healthcare services and doctors' needs, if those requests are met, will we be able to restore the lost lives because of the strike?
