(()) I would like to know personally on your side .
have you ever lived a life of lack of money and of having money ?
<no-speech>
the life of -- first -- a woman has two things -- two of importance .
first is her family .
that is me I want when I leave to return home my children when they receive me how do they receive me ?
what do they do ?
it hurts when you don't have money .
the other thing is to do development .
leave alone those with of three and four I want good shoes I want good clothes those are of three of four of five .
but on my side I see the major needs of a woman are to care for her family and to -- and to invest more in order to that is to fulfill her goals .
therefore I once lived a life without out money .
you desire very much you go up to -- to your account you say this way rally here do I take money ?
no here me I have goals .
I remember I once went to take money from a child's account .
I lacked money .
the child's school account %incomplete
it forced -- that is as regards borrowing there for goals I'd rather -- I take here from the child I'll return .
have you reached in that situation ?
that is you look at you yourself you look at your things you look at your family children that is you want (()) maybe you don't have money .
what do you do ?
-- and there is no difficult life like that of dependent on a man .
you -- you before you haven't -- for example before you start asking for money there %incomplete
because you know a man should normally just give you without you asking .
if it's your husband .
you mean you're not supposed -- it has now reached a situation of you begging .
you start thinking if I'm really going when I reach here what do I start saying ?
on my side how am I going to ask for money ?
that is therefore .
me maybe a person usually knows -- knows maybe in a week he usually gives you a certain amount of shillings .
you don't have money .
that money isn't enough .
do you understand ?
that's why we are required as women to stand on our feet .
tomorrow -- today he's there -- tomorrow he isn't there .
who will give you ?
therefore the state of not having money is difficult .
it is very difficult .
Hilda thank you very much for your time I have faith that a lot of what you talked about will build many women .
but finally I would like you to put it boldly .
put a line .
put it boldly -- so that they understand completely .
and there have been very many slogans that say a woman is able .
I don't know on your side now as we finish what do you say ?
what do you tell this woman ?
is she able ?
<no-speech>
first of all I don't like that statement that says that we women can I don't like it because all men are not successful .
<no-speech>
and if as a person you know what you're doing why should you say a woman is able ?
work .
-- if a woman succeeds let's not start saying that she works like a man .
let's say that sister has worked and she's successful .
do you know ?
that's the thing that I want to tell women that we should put aside our daily advice that we women are able .
why should we women be able to ?
it means we will be not able to which day won't we be able to ?
there are women from those years as single parents who are educating their children .
a mother who is alone is educating her children well .
she lives a life -- and they live a good life -- they have very big projects .
they are stable with big companies and they are billionaire owners .
why should we today start encouraging ourselves that we women are able ?
mm .
those things -- those challenges were there .
(()) our parents .
if our parents were able to go to school and they learned .
my mother is a teacher .
until it got to a point where my mother retired at sixty years .
today how can I start saying a woman is able ?
I know -- all of us are there and we are required to work to fulfill our goals .
fine it's only a woman who can do that isn't an excuse to me .
Hilda I thank you very much and me I just assure you that I have faith the next one year .
Hilda you will be a different Hilda .
all these that right now you shared with us you have an office at home that's where you start -- you start you look for tenders you'll have tenders that you reject .
he's not a prophet but because I stand on the rules of development and success I know of a person who follows those rules .
his success is a must .
yeah therefore you -- apply those rules .
and that is what is required of any person .
you can't say I want God to help me and you're seated .
God has said I'll bless the work of your hands .
therefore you're following those rules that you'll be blessed .
thanks amen .
thanks .
the viewer of our hook program %incomplete
Tanzanian woman -- my fellow woman to live without money is a disgrace because you know .
if you ask whoever you're asking can decide to give or not give you and you can't plan the time you want him to give you .
you can have a problem today and he gives you after one week .
even that problem ended .
therefore to live without an income is a disgrace .
especially when you're a mother -- a woman with her family .
I understand many women get a lot of problems because they have no income .
many are asking how will I start ?
how will I start ?
Hilda has said the house she lives in is her office .
why there people who live outside ?
doesn't everyone have their house ?
why don't you start from home ?
it is possible .
therefore I ask to encourage you through today's program and through Hilda who has motivated us in a big way .
the work that remains is on your side .
even God says in his books that he who doesn't work shouldn't eat .
and in the same way he says he will bless the work of our hands .
now if you're seated what will he bless seriously ?
or do you just want to blame God for nothing ?
therefore my fellow woman I am asking you that if you meet Hilda on the road after one year to tell her that your life changed when you saw her on the hook .
that is the main thing .
therefore me I thank you very much for watching our hook program .
my name is Joyce Kiria .
let's meet another time in this program in order to be able to continue opening each other's minds and thoughts in the whole issue of building your dreams and how to start reaching them .
thank you very much .
<no-speech>
