khanga is the national garment
written by Angela Semaya, Dodoma.
published: 7 September 2016
the Minister for news, culture, art, and sports, Nape Nnauye has said if the national garment process would have continued, it was heading to the finding of the garment of a leader different from expectation.
in avoiding that, the government gave an appeal the khanga dress be used to identify as a national dress after being seen to be liked to be used by many people.
Nape spoke in the parliament yesterday that Tanzania has 126 tribes in which each tribe has its own culture and code of dressing and that during the process, the government concluded that it will adopt a common garment rather than a national garment.
"the committee was formulated and the process begun, but Tanzania has 126 tribes later we discovered that we would end up having a leader's dress instead of the national garment... but in the process the khanga was popular and worn by many thus it was selected and given the identity of the national garment.
"even other nations did a process, they liked a certain outfit and made it public," he said.
Minister Nape was responding to the additional question by the special seat parliamentarian Mary Mwanjelwa (CCM), who wished to know how the process of selecting a national garment was finalized.
in another step, Minister Nape called on the community to refuse acts of breaking morals that are being done by artists if together with wearing clothes that have no honor.
he said artists are in the community and so every community member should participate and encourage artists to focus on values.
"artists stay in our community, if society refuses to accept their behavior, they will stop but if they applaud what the artists do then they will see no problem in that," she said.
previously in the primary question, Mwanjelwa said the musicians have been wearing indecent clothes or sometimes a woman's dignity is severely oppressed as a result of wearing clothes that reveal their body shapes and she wanted to know what was the government's plan to control such dressing.
responding to this fundamental question, Nape said the government has been taking disciplinary and legal measures on artists including fining and jailing those who violate ethics by dressing or designing artifacts that violate a woman's personality.
he said starting from the year 2014/2015 until now, three female artists and one male artist in addition to one group of caravan people were given a warning and others were completely closed for humiliating the dignity of a woman.
in addition, he said in 2016/2017 that one male artist was given a warning and fined.
he called on every Tanzanian to ensure in one way or another, they maintain and protect the values and customs of the Tanzanian people.
