maybe I ask you -- I see they are two here .
the instrument that decides the starting or when a person decides to be a broadcaster or a reporter of news there are just two things that are -- that are being highlighted .
you decide to become a famous news reporter or with respect .
or you start a news' media with reputation and respect because of the two intentions of the colonial language meaning credibility and popularity .
let's try and look into this why am placing fear that the action of western news organizations to put money on (()) on the reporters .
belonging to them transporting and bringing them one by one to come to Garissa so that they do a live coverage from Garissa and some even broke their program schedules to do live analysis from Garissa and others added .
I have heard you say that some news organizations reached a point and used fifteen minutes time on a half an hour program because of the Garissa event made credibility different from us here that our local news organizations decided not to take even a report there in Garissa and remained to use those same western news organizations to scoop news .
why for us it damaged the credibility and popularity of our organizations and build the credibility and popularity of those organizations that took people there .
by giving them respect and popularity can you as a journalist .
do an event or cover a certain story .
that gives you credibility and popularity and it gives credibility to your news organization that you are working for .
in case -- any news organization would have offered to go and send a news anchor or their reporter to go and cover a story from Kenya it would give -- it would give -- it would give that news organization it would give credibility .
but that reporter that went would earn popularity .
give me the difference and -- and this fellow who is saying that it's -- it's -- it's they would have earned credibility without popularity popularity would be got by that reporter who have gone to Kenya .
people would have remained to be known that ahh a fellow came out really all the organizations failed but a reporter came out and went to Kenya it's a must he would be known .
and if he treated that story well this story he would have done well if I take for example because we were unable I say like B_B_C did it .
that reporter would have gotten a great credibility in this country that is a reporter that offered himself to go to -- Kenya and even gave us the whole events that were going on let's look forward to go to B_B_C to watch .
let's remain our local organizations and it's the reason why -- our local organizations .
lack many viewers .
you can find people really seated waiting for thirty minutes of the whole day but our local news organizations a person not watch even a little .
because he would not find that what he wants .
and when you miss that what you wanted a news organization you disrespect it .
it reduces its credibility and also it reduces its popularity .
but for -- for for my small experience -- in these matters of the program while I was a news and programs student that I got to serve because I find myself also serving in -- in these education institutions that teach journalism and this period am doing these news reporting jobs one of the things that I experience with time is to be taught news reporting many times people were being told they were talking about sources of news .
they are told sources of news they say there are material sources and human sources .
and people are taught in the university that material source itself is a source of news .
there are programs that require you to go one by one from within what you are required to do close yourself inside your room watch what other organizations have recorded here and there then if it is written in English you your job is they are taught there are people in the rooms -- news universities just make it the same way and translate it in English from Kiswahili .
come on to Kiswahili then feed your people .
and that is how we do -- in international news many news organizations do and that is how Kenyan event has happened release farther others leave completely .
but those written -- what they did is just recording what B_B_C has said ?
you change or direct Al Jazeera has said what I don't know what ?
that what has Citizen T_V of Kenya said ?
what is the need of going when there are other organizations and in the university they are taught there are something called physical sources .
I think maybe for a person who has studied physical source and -- and -- and -- and human sources will recognize that when you use a physical source -- when you use a physical source and human source what is its harm .
for example if you use physical source it's very easy to get what you want .
but physical source for the viewer watching you or for him -- who is listening it is difficult to believe than human source .
for example you have read the writings of maybe a certain learned professor may be he said this and this and this but he who has gone and done an interview with that professor whom will get credibility and whom will get popularity ?
he who used human source .
human source -- characteristics of human source gives credibility to him who used the characteristics of -- physical source -- the effect of physical source -- it brings laziness to a news reporter .
for example you have used a physical source you have gone and read you have locked yourself inside and just read when we come will see you just a jealous person .
and journalism is not sitting inside and locking yourself even though it's allowed to use that as reference in that which am talking about .
that this one said this and this and this but now I have gone and talked to him this and this and this give a person something to see .
give a person something to listen to .
physical sources are very big indications of laziness and are the things which are used in our news organizations .
people are lazy to get out .
