he had been there following keenly and I already have the director here .
yes in our studios and near home he is the one who will be able to yes to tell us much because he's the actual head and the challenges there .
director James Biri welcome very much .
thank you very much .
how is the afternoon ?
very well .
I'm sorry for the responsibilities .
thank you very much because I can see or was the queue long or ?
(()) the queue was long .
yes .
alright .
Nyakato that is .
there was a little bit of a queue .
alright .
then director without wasting time I've heard Wilson Elisha yes in his report and the his general preparations but I a bit of feel there are weeds I mean what can be done to them now give us this information .
ahh the weeds in further expertise and fortunately we have we have expertise which has come from T_F_F with enough experience in preparing different pitches .
it should also be remembered that he is the one who prepared the pitches that were prepared in Mbeya .
he has therefore come to advise us and as you've seen there are people who are working there ahh and the biggest job that I am doing is to ensure the fishermen are being removed from inside there so that eventually the grass can remain in isolation to be able to (()) the fertility of that field .
there's faith that as the time goes by the weeds will be complete and they will be out of the pitch .
director there are many challenges that we've heard of here with water being the first problem yes and together with that the lake is nearby yes I know the people of Hamawasa but there's a very big problem of water so approximately how many field are there up to this time ?
people came in January I remember Marcus came to follow up and now Wilson Elisha followed up closely and and for today we are counting nine nine days remaining now director .
ahh on the issue of water as you initially asked is that in our province Mwanza especially the areas of Mahima and Nyakato (()) there was a very big problem of water .
but we have already talked to the leadership of MOWASA and I can see in the last week they have already laid down very big water pipes and I therefore believe that tomorrow I think on Monday they will be opened officially .
therefore I believe that in our areas of our pitches now the issue of (()) will rescue us by fifty percent to one hundred percent .
but a little bit in the beginning that was the problem because we were getting water which little pressure wasn't well sufficient in the fields .
but now after Muasi leaders have come in the middle and we even talked with the head of (()) district and Muasi director then they gave us that aid and so we should say that those are the pitches which from tomorrow if opened ahh we will have solved the water issue by a very big percentage .
mmhm .
ahh but as you said the pitches -- the number of pitches as you saw the ongoing competitions there are for the under twelve which can be played in half that is on one field nearing two pitches .
a half by half .
yes for now we have four pitches but we're depending on another pitch which we're depending on yes anytime from now we have already asked brethren they are there and the expert has arrived and therefore we will -- we are expecting to plant grass from maybe Wednesday or Thursday of this week or next week .
but in this whole issue lala the games schedules mm I believe that the way the pitches are for now they meet the requirements of T_F_F mm .
therefore I have said as you heard in the beginning ahh I am just waiting for their schedule to be complete and so we will be ready the moment they announce their schedule .
yes on our side we're waiting for the whole leadership of T_F_F he shouldn't complete it to completion after the stakeholders' and teams' report -- the teams that are making preparations everywhere in Tanzania should be able to prepare we in Temesi are ready to receive them and to oversee the competitions -- otherwise we're expecting maybe fruits in these competitions -- indeed to receive approximately two hundred sports people or if I'm not wrong about the math those are many and could be twenty-seven .
there are many for sure in this country yes they will exceed at that place because -- or close to three hundred .
yeah because we're relying on every team as you heard they might have between nineteen players and two leaders so now there's a possibility they might have between twenty-one teams .
mm .
so if you calculate twenty-one times twenty-nine how many people do you think it can be ?
but for those people they are still very little on our side yes we can take eight hundred people up to nine hundred and with five hundred if you still check you will find it open .
for that on the side of %incomplete
