27 November 2013
Hoseah more suitable for the international bribery organization.
the chief director of the corruption tackling and prevention institution in the country (TAKUKURU) Doctor Edward Hoseah has been elected to be the vice president of the International Association of Anti-Corruption Authorities (IAACA).
Doctor Hoseah was elected by 460 representatives of the seventh general meeting of that association from different nations that was held in Panama, Central America from November 22-24, this year.
the delegates of that meeting include heads of 98 institutions of preventing and dealing with corruption in the world where the slogan of the meeting says, "the rule of law and bribery: the challenges and available opportunities."
before being elected to that position, Doctor Hoseah was a spokesperson of the main committee of service in that organization where, as a result of the nomination, he becomes the first African to hold that major post in the struggle against corruption in the world.
the election is a great honor to Tanzania and the African continent, it is also a good opportunity for Doctor Hoseah to show his ability to lead the fight against corruption internationally.
other international posts that Doctor Hoseah has ever held include the first president of the federation of preventing and fighting corruption in Eastern Africa (2007-2008), the first president of the platform of the institutes of preventing and fighting against corruption in SADC countries (SAFAC-2010-2011).
others are the chairman of the advisory board of the African union on corruption issues (AU-ABC 2011-2012).
IAACA is made up of 298 institutes together with more than 2,000 members from various backgrounds that are non-governmental and it was started on April 19, 2006, the headquarters is in Peking, China.
the aim of starting the organization is to enable member states to execute the United Nations agreement against corruption that was passed by the committee of united nations December 30, 2003.
