do you always postpone the implementation of your activities?
how, when you have a matter you want to implement, J usually postpone until a time you think is very right?
have you ever regretted that if you could have done something at a certain time, you would have found success in your life?
if yes, why didn't you do it at that time?
what have you learned?
there are people who are accustomed every time to wait until the time they think was right to do a certain thing.
I remember the story of a young man who had a good job and a satisfying salary, who lived for a long time without marrying although he wished to marry.
he needed love, to have a household and children.
what caused him grief?
at one time he got a lover and involved his relatives and family until they planned for him a wedding.
but a day to the marriage, he changed his mind and cancelled getting married.
after that, every time he attempted marrying, he postponed, especially upon realizing that the girl he wanted to marry had a certain defect.
finally, he got a girl that he saw very suitable.
she was beautiful, attractive and with wisdom and very intelligent.
even so, one day that young man while sited with her preparing wedding plans, she uttered something that made him skeptical.
therefore in order to confirm she was a girl who was suitable, he decided to write for her regulations which he wanted her to agree to implement when they got married.
those regulations mentioned various things like the friends they deserve to have, the kind of work his wife deserves to be employed to do, what their sources of revenues for their livelihood will be, how their home where they will live will look like and how the division of labor between husband and wife will be.
also, he wrote other regulations concerning things like smoking, drinking liquor, the way of entertainment and other several things.
when his lover was given the list of these regulations, she refused them all and their engagement was broken.
the young man had mistakes that affect many people in their lives.
a human being can be careful not only in planning a wedding, rather even in various other things, like to choose jobs, build a house, buy a car, to start a project and others.
successes don't come as a result of our ability to remove all obstacles that confront the thing we intend to do, rather it is our ability to solve problems that will emerge when we will be implementing.
we don't have a choice in wisdom to decide the level that satisfies needs to start implementation.
it's not advisable to cancel a journey for fearing to encounter bridges or big forests, but with bravery let's cross those obstacles as we proceed forth with the journey.
the habit of postponing implementation of important things in life has affected the development of many people.
research has shown that people with huge successes are those who don't wait until tomorrow rather they start to implement today.
those with average success include individuals who decide to commence implementation even though by swaying from side to side.
those without success are those who wait until the situation will look appropriate then they decide to do a certain thing.
we must remember that all the successes we see in the world like wonderful machines, tall buildings and astonishing scientific inventions like sending equipment up to the moon and many others are a result of human thoughts.
but people who thought about ideas or these concepts, if they would have been undecided and disregard their speedy implementation they wouldn't have emerged.
if these inventors would have resorted to waiting until the appropriate time comes they would have ended up burying their thoughts.
it's good we remember that everything that we decide to do in life has two types of strength.
the first strength is that which makes the matter, that is being implemented to be hard which we may call 'difficulties'.
another strength is, that which makes that thing be able to be implemented with ease which we can call 'opportunity'.
people who hesitate to implement a certain thing, are those who allow their minds to be ruled by that strength of difficulties that make them wait until later.
but those who conceptualize the power in their minds, usually don't waste time rather act responsively.
one important subject that we should be compelled to learn out of this article is that in order for us to succeed in life we are obliged to be people of action and not people who like saying 'tomorrow', next week, next year or later.
let's not wait and to be patient by giving ourselves hopes until things become right.
implement once without wasting time.
meet with the difficulties and problems and solve them as you implement.
start from today, to implement things you think will bring you development.
don't waste time because periods pass and usually don't wait for someone.
