why does the government be defeated to start the sports organization?
managing the sports it's a big cost even the government of the Nations that continues does not guarantee the one by one sports because of understanding the issue of costs.
in developed countries, their governments don't manage sports directly but they have created special organizations because of the management of those sports in their countries, and they have made sure those organizations give good management to the national teams.
for example, the United Kingdom has created a UK Sports company for managing sports especially in national teams, and the company looks for funds and distributes them into projects to develop various national teams.
here in the country, still we are looking up to the government to release money in their budget every year for the purpose of conducting sports in the country, a way that our government of Tanzania has not been doing.
the main reason that the government is budgeting is not enough to give priority to sports because most of the budget funds are invested in education, health, infrastructure, debt, and other sectors due to its importance in government plans and needs of the people.
such that, every year when the government announce the budget, the players got themselves suffering a lot because sports sector is given few shares of money which does not help sports at all.
I understand our government is lead by Sports Federation in the Country (BMT) in the area of sports which is given priority of supervising sports under Ministry for Communication, youths, art and sports, such that I prefer BMT to be changed and to be a sport federation which will work with government and non-government so as to bring improvement at sports sector in the country.
the agency should be independent as other organization, governmental, but to seek various sponsors and stakeholders who can contribute financially or organize fundraising.
also that federation has to follow sports organization, to follow the government and move on worldwide to search for different source of income then they collet.
that organization has the capacity to tell the sports' association to give them a national team, what kind of coaches they want, and these coaches will be paid salaries with that sports' organization but if they truly have responsible leaders.
I believe that way will help in good management of income and usage, but the way the situation is right now the sports' association have been left with a bigger responsibility of promoting sports in the country and even though, it does not mean that the associations should be anxious in their area.
if the government will accept my view towards the establishment of a sports organization in the country then sports parties to have the responsibility of planning their own budget and submit it to the association as well as their recommendations and the organization will have the responsibility to fund the sports club and provide them with the conditions that will help the sports organization have the right to question the use of such funds for sports clubs and sports clubs also will be obliged to provide information on their expenditure to the organization.
because it is a government agency, then the sports association, the government, and audit firm will join and audit the revenue and expenditure of sports clubs and manage well the sports club.
it is clear in that procedure people leading sports clubs will work by 90 percent if not 100 because currently, the work efficiency of sports club leaders isn't even 20 percent while money awarded to the sports clubs by sponsors have been disappearing into the pockets of leaders and whatever was expected has never been achieved.
