Mrema should be supported to reduce prisoners in prison
written by Lucy Ngowi
published: 21 September 2016
President John Magufuli on July 16, this year, appointed Augustine Mrema to be chairman of the national parole board.
Mrema, who is also the chairperson of Tanzania Labor Organization (TLP), was not at first understood what he was doing in comparison with the parole's work I knew, I did not think they were same.
immediately after his appointment, Mrema met with Bajaj and Bodaboda riders, who were in Kinondoni district and asked them to write down names of the police asking for bribes to report to President Magufuli.
Mrema understood clearly that when the riders were asked to pay the bribe and are unable the next thing was a trial case and then sent to jail where there was a great deal of delay.
Mrema too met drug addicts in the Manzese area and talked with them.
he admitted that there is a serious drug problem, but are those being taken to court who are in big possessions of drugs or those found with one or two doses?
Mrema questioned and said, what is required is to arrest all those who sell and distribute drugs that cause those youth to be found with those small quantities.
how I understood Mrema in this regard is that arresting the youth, who have been affected by drugs and taking them to prison is not the solution, rather it's meeting them and finding a good way to treat them that will enable them to stop the usage of those drugs.
he said a drug user being sent to prison is not the solution because when a person starts using these drugs it is difficult to stop just like that, he needs education and treatment to cope with the situation.
he said if the police are arresting drug users the place to put them is not in jail but they are supposed to start treatment at a special facility.
in Mrema's details, if you send a drug addict to prison, he will be worried because he will not be able to get the drugs anymore, so it is best to deal with cartels that bring them.
he advised when the youth are arrested, be sent to Mwananyamala Hospital, Temeke or Muhimbili where there are specialized centers for the treatment.
in Mrema's performance models, I have now begun to understand that his main goal is not to have many people in prison but to control through education and listening to youth groups including Bodaboda operators and ensuring that those who meet the criteria for staying there are being released.
that is why Chairman Mrema has made efforts to meet those groups and listen to them and give advice to the concerned, activists and the whole community with an aim of ensuring that there are no new criminals being taken to prison.
let us remember that the Parole is a legal procedure that gives a prisoner who has served four years in jail and above an opportunity to serve in the community on special terms.
but due to lack of money, prisoners in prison who should go and finish their sentences outside, are not released, therefore they add to the congestion in the prison.
that parole chairman is fighting in order to ensure offenses that take people to prison reduce and not increase.
that is why in recent days, Mrema visited the Bishop of the church of mountain of fire assemblies of God, Mikocheni B, Getrude Lwakatare and thanked her for the good she had done to release 78 prison inmates by paying 25 million shillings for them.
Mrema asked to have many people like Doctor Lwakatare, in order to reduce congestion in prisons.
according to the parole law, for a prisoner to be released from prison, parole officers must go to take a copy of the judgment in the court that judged him, and then meet the village or estate leaders where the prisoner will go to live and also meet the family and the people he offended.
also, parole officers are required to supervise and visit the parole prisoners, a long process and without completion, the prisoner cannot be released.
the lack of funding to complete the process, prisoners who have qualifications for release by the law, cannot be released and thus continue to suffer in prison.
citizens we should support the Parole Board Chairman, Mrema to reduce the congestion of prisoners in prison.
