President Magufuli is meeting with the Member of the Central CPC Committee of China in the State House of Dar.
president of the United Republic of Tanzania and chairman of Chama cha Mapinduzi (CCM) Honorable Doctor John Pombe Magufuli, today, on March 22, 2017, met with a meeting with the Member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the Secretary of the CPC Committee of Beijing Municipalities in China Honorable Guo Jinlong.
in this interview, Honorable Guo Jinlong has submitted greetings from the President of China and Secretary of CPC Honorable Xi Jinping who praised Honorable Doctor Magufuli for his efforts to strengthen the Tanzanian economy, fight corruption and reforms aimed at strengthening Chama cha Mapinduzi (CCM) for the benefit of Tanzanians.
Honorable Guo Jinlong said good relations and cooperation between China and Tanzania initiated by chairman the late Mao Tse-tung and National Father the late Mwalimu Julius Nyerere will be promoted and enhanced and in a unique way thanked Tanzania for supporting China in international affairs.
moreover, Honorable Guo Jinlong has promised to submit to the Central Committee of the CPC request for Tanzania to invite China to participate in the Standard Gauge construction of Morogoro to Dodoma and also invite the China Air Force to launch one trip between Beijing and Dar es Salaam to promote tourism, investment and trade.
"I am very pleased for receiving us well and I assure you that we will continue to cooperate with Tanzania in various areas of our relationship including developing agriculture and industries in Tanzania," said Honorable Guo Jinlong.
for his part, Honorable President Magufuli thanked Honorable Guo Jinlong for coming to Tanzania and bringing him a message from Honorable President Xi Jinping.
Honorable Doctor Magufuli said Tanzania will continue to appreciate and enhance its relationship with China and asked Honorable Guo Jinlong for help to convince investors and Chinese entrepreneurs to come to Tanzania to invest in various sectors, especially in the industries, construction of transport infrastructure and buildings and develop agriculture.
"please send me a message to Honorable President Xi Jinping that I welcome him to Tanzania and assured him that Tanzania is ready to cooperate any time with China in development and many useful things for the people of both sides," said Honorable President Magufuli.
meanwhile, Honorable President Magufuli has witnessed the signing of three aid agreements issued by the Chinese Government in Tanzania which is the support of the expansion of the Tanzania Police School located in Moshi Region Kilimanjaro, US 300,000 dollars support for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African cooperation and a 20,000 dollar donation to support the government's efforts to combat drug abuse.
by Gerson Msigwa Director of Presidential Communication, State House Dar es Salaam
