let's stop people's politics and focus on issues.
April 26th, 2015.
one of the things that at times make one lose hope when you follow up on our country's politics, is that we follow people too much.
the biggest fanaticism of following people trouble us because its results are often not good.
the politics of following people are politics that should not continue to be entertained because all the time its results are bad.
the politics of following people follow the fanaticism of a person in another person.
many if not all times, people get attracted to a certain politician or because it is their friend or it is a person who makes them so happy to a point that they are blind to the troubles or weaknesses of that person and to the extent of being ready to accept being led by them, as long as he is their colleague.
these politics do not really care about the issues a person stands for.
one danger that could be massive especially towards the general election is that there are people among us who do not really care what politicians stand for or even investigating what they say they stand for.
these ones will follow a person or they will stand with a person because not standing with them could be problematic.
they don't care about the history of the person and even if they say they care, they don't care about the whole history but the one they like.
its results are that in this election, we might put to authority people who a few weeks later will be the ridicule of the voters.
we've already seen in the last parliament for example, some parliamentarians where a person if forced to ask how they were able to be elected in their counties.
there are some that you could say are like sarcasm to the voters' intelligence, that how drunk were the voters to have elected those they elected.
at times, the answer is very easy, they elected them because they liked them.
they didn't care if they were good leaders or not.
what they cared about was that not electing them would have been viewed as betraying them.
its results are that politicians and especially those who want to contest for leadership positions know our weakness, and therefore do not care to talk about policies or issues more and instead they will come with arguments that talk about people.
for example, people are opposing CCM not because they know what CCM stands for but they are opposing CCM because they just do not like the CCM members.
and some might dislike some of the CCM members and therefore hate all CCM members.
this is true even on another side.
there are people who dislike Chadema not because of the issues it stands for but they dislike it because they do not like the people inside that party.
and you might see this even with CUF, ACT Patriots or other political parties.
its results are that our politics are very fanatical on people.
if a politician leaves or makes a certain decision, we do not really care if it is the right decision or not but because it is a person we like so much, we find ourselves forced to support him because not doing so amounts to not being our colleague.
its danger is that we start making up a "peoples' following" instead of the following of issues.
these kind of politics are very dangerous.
they are dangerous because if that person changes their stand then we are also forced to change our stand or to agree with his stand because if we go against him, it is easy to be seen as not supporting the person.
these kinds of politics all the time have very bad results. they have bad results because if we do not stand for the principles or issues which show how we stand for principles and therefore decide to follow people, then we can find ourselves being tossed around like cone.
take for example a politician stands and says something which we agree with him then later on changes about the same thing. should we also change? some are forced to change because they agree with those changes or others change because if they do not change, they will find themselves colliding with the earlier agreement.
this is very important to think of especially when it comes to the issue of presidential candidates.
for what particular reasons are we supporting certain contestants?
do we know what they stand for?
what do they stand for?
we support others because they are opposing a certain contestant, is this a reason enough to support them?
or should we support those we agree with but in doing so we oppose others just because they are supporting others?
can we be able to support people on issues without being hateful (and this is a major result of the politics of following people) of those we are not supporting?
I say it is a major result because, instead of taking what we are doing as politics, we have started agreeing with one of the totally dangerous norms, brewing hate.
if we don't agree or if I don't support you then it means I hate you.
is it a must to be like that?
it is bad luck that we have not yet found a good cure for this crisis.
