the journalism profession use information to make news.
Mwananchi reader, Severine Leons Mashaka of the Ngerengere region of Morogoro asks: are those who transmit information through phone, private groups on networks - WhatsApp and blog are they journalists?
this is a question that is asked in many parts of the world.
it has raised debate that promotes commentary on information.
read the answers section.
contribute.
it is easy to write anything.
it is not that easy to write a statement.
it is not easy at all to write information.
in each area you need either understanding or knowledge or skill or all at the same time.
in the age of cell phones, whether they are from major industries or alleys that are called "fake", everyone who knows how to join characters and make words that brings meaning, than writes what they want to say.
he sends a greeting or any message.
the phone owner satisfies the need, the right and liberty to communicate with those they want.
he communicates on anything and in any way without any training on how to write.
that is why people today are sending messages of greetings, they send "information" - as they see - on events: accidents, wedding, robbery, victory, construction and whatever they saw or heard.
people share information among themselves.
they write as they would have said.
the message spreads: opinions are given in a common environment of communication between people and different ages - even those that were not aware of it.
when it comes from the greeting section, message and information, you go to the section of "official information."
this might be on government, ministry, company, organization, foundation or any administrative level.
official information maybe provided by the one involved in the mentioned areas that are mentioned above there and many others.
it is information on something, trend, tendency, behavior, changes, plans, preparations, or anything that writers of the information want to inform the wider community.
the information providers in this area are those employed, that are confirmed by their employers that they understand, have knowledge and education for doing that work or experience on the involved equipment or studied.
normally the government informants, organizations, companies, or other foundations - that are called "ladies/gentlemen relationship", have been trained in the field of journalism to serve the area they need.
those are the ones that give the correct information on the offices that have employed them.
it is important here to consider that honor and respect of the government, the company and the organizations is how they want themselves to be seen, even though they are not seen like that in the eyes of someone else.
therefore, the role of an official informer is to also to build or promote what is called "elegance" of the his area of work, good behavior, best and above others.
when we leave the area of "writing anything" and that of giving official information, we shall go to the area of news.
here is where there is a big debate.
it is here that we find journalists.
these have studied this work in various ways including going to school and colleges: to study in the newsroom for official instructors and experience, or by private distance study inside or outside the country.
news journalist call, enter, search office and other areas so that they can get information on anything they target.
they question guards, executives, government chiefs, politicians so that to get information to enable them to get what they want.
what the journalists are looking for, must be emphasized here, it's just information.
by using the knowledge they got in school and colleges, by using the skills expertise they got from newsrooms and directions of their editors, journalists use the information they collected to write news.
information is published, announced and shown in news instruments - newspapers, radio and television.
what is written, has been heard and seen in those instruments is the item that is involved has decided to be called "news".
the discussion climaxes where the question comes: which is and which is not news?
can we get news from phone, blog or WhatsApp from one who is not a news journalist and without passing news instrument?
if news is what you did not know or what is being hidden, and everyday we see new things even in announcements, is media information still right.
