Bill Gates an influential and wealthy man in the world who started the foundation (an institution that provides aid) that helps in development activities like medical services, tackling AIDS, improving agriculture, continuing education, and research on sustainable energy.
explains that when he started visiting African villages including Tanzania, he was guessing he ages of the children that he met with.
now and again the children he thought were aged seven or eight years, their true age was 12 or 13 years.
many children are stunted because of lack of proper nutrition.
many Tanzanian children are stunted because of the problem of malnutrition.
they didn't get proper nutrition for a long time, from the time when they were in the mother's womb and the first two years of their lives.
the result, the height of many children is low compared to their age.
many children don't get enough food.
some of them eat and get full, but their food has no good nutrition that satisfies all the needs of a body.
lack of proper nutrition reduces the height of children but also affects the development of the brain, immunity and the development of limbs.
proper nutrition in the first 1,000 days of a child's life, from the time while in his mother's womb until getting to two years, is important in building a child's brain, body immunity, and his limbs.
if a child lacks good nutrition in this period, he cannot learn to do well at school, he becomes sickly now and then because of lack of body immunity and his limbs don't have enough strength compared to a child who got proper nutrition.
children who were stunted, when they become adults and part of the nation's labor, they have a small income in the activities they do.
malnutrition reduces the strength and ability of the nation and extends her people's poverty.
in Tanzania, we have a big problem and of a long period of the stunted growth of children.
in the year 1991, nearly half (49.7 percent) of all children under the age of five years were stunted, very short compared to their ages.
half of the children were not able to build their brains, their limbs and body immunity in the measure the Almighty God willed for them because of lacking food and enough good nutrition.
in the year 2010, twenty years later, 42.5 percent of all children under the age of five still are stunted.
more than three million children of below five years are stunted because of lack of good nutrition.
a moderate economic growth of seven percent every year has not helped much in reducing the problem of lack of good nutrition.
Vietnam had a problem of lack of proper nutrition for children more than even Tanzania.
in the year 1993 in every 100 Vietnamese children, 63 were stunted because of lack of proper nutrition.
when it reached 2010 the percentage of stunted children reduced and reached 23 percent.
even Uganda has done a little better if you compare with Tanzania.
the percentage of stunted children has reduced from 45 percent in the year 1995 and reached 34 percent in the year 2011.
provinces that lead in the stunted growth of children of ages below five years is Dodoma (57.1 percent), Lindi (53.3 percent), Iringa (52 percent), Rukwa (51.4 percent), Mbeya (51.3 percent), Tanga (50 percent), Kigoma (48.2 percent) and Ruvuma (47.4).
provinces that are popular in the production of food especially maize, the big four- Iringa, Rukwa, Mbeya, and Ruvuma are among the provinces with stunted children that is higher than the national average.
the problem of stunted growth is not hunger but to get good nutrition.
provinces with little stunted growth of children are Dar es Salaam (19.7 percent), Mjini West (20.2 percent), Kilimanjaro (27.6 percent), southern Unguja (29.8 percent), southern Pemba (30.7 percent) and Mara (31 percent).
the problem of stunted growth isn't caused by hunger or not being full.
children can get food and be full but they lack good nutrition.
they don't eat foods with protein and enough nutrients.
in order to avoid stunted growth, a pregnant mother is supposed to eat good nutrition so as to give birth to a child with good health.
she should suckle her child for six months first before starting to give him other foods.
to suckle a child on the mother's milk for a period of six months is the best procedure for ensuring a child develops the brain and strengthens his body immunity.
after six months the mother should continue suckling her child, until reaching at least two years and also give him the right food that has nutrients.
together with food with starch, a child needs foods that contain protein like meat, fish, and beans.
also, it is important to get vitamins and other nutrients that are found in fruits and vegetables.
