bribery brings confusion to parliament Aug 02, 2012
after the Minister of Energy and Minerals, Profesa Sospeter Muhongo and his secretary general, Eliakim Maswi, were saved from being uprooted by a network of the corrupt through members of parliament who are claimed to have been given bribes to fulfill that intention, reports explain that the next coming turn is against the Minister of foreign affairs and international relations, Bernard Membe.
Membe is expected to present his speech in parliament next week, and it is explained that his stand against suspects of the radar purchasing scandal has made him be eagerly awaited by some of the parliamentarians who have also been accused of being given money by corrupt people to press for the dismissal of that minister or even during the debate of his Ministry.
those preparations against Minister Membe are coming at a time when, several sources of news for this newspaper have quoted President Jakaya Kikwete when telling Prime Minister, Mizengo Pinda, that "I am tired of swearing in new ministers," with a meaning that he does not want to lose any minister at the moment.
Kikwete is quoted to issue that statement after the heat of corrupt cartels through parliamentarians tried to remove the Minister of Energy and Minerals, Professor Sospeter and his Secretary Maswi, who are believed to have controlled the siphon pipes of corrupt cartels that were put at Tanzania Electric Supply Company (TANESCO).
patriotism struggle vs corruption in the movement of rescuing the ship and controlling the power of corrupt cartels in removal of leaders in the Ministry of Energy and Minerals, some of the ministers, parliamentarians and other special teams that included leaders from CCM headquarters, participated as some of the parliamentarians from the opposition supported those efforts in the Faith of fighting for the interest of the nation.
the reports that reached us explain that the style that was being used was to pass through every time they were passing agents of corruption who, they were seeing members one by one by taking note of a list they had prepared for themselves.
in those efforts, the Minister of Work and Employment, Gaudensia Kabaka, is claimed to have been forced to use pilgrimage transportation at night to pass some of the parliamentarians in order to explain to them the reality of the situation of why new leaders of the Ministry of Energy and Minerals are being fought.
apart from Minister Kabaka, Assistant Minister for Energy and Minerals, Stephen Masele, who is a member of parliament for Shinyanga, has also had a special job of passing whenever he was passing one member of parliament from one of the counties in the region of Arusha (CCM).
it is claimed that that Member of Parliament was spreading money to buy members of parliament to conduct attacks against the leadership of the Ministry, the money that he got from some of the companies had conducted some business with TANESCO in a corrupt manner.
the job was only one, when they are coming from certain hidden after sharing money, we were going to tell the truth and by protecting the interest of the country instead of the interest of a gang of businesspeople who are chewing the country," stated our news source.
the parliament member for Mwibara, Alphaxard Kangi, is also required to walk for several kilometers without using any behicle, coming from one hotel to the other in order to put things right by revealing the truth to those who had been given bribes.
the job was one of the easiest.
it was the job of telling the truth for the interest of the country.
"we were saying the money for bribes had come from who, for what reason and for whose interest and for what objectives especially against the country," stated our news source.
Prime Minister and President Kikwete Reports that reached us are stating that a few days before the heat on corrupt cartels Rose and went to almost getting successful, President Kikwete is said to have called the Prime Minister and told him that he is tired of swearing in new ministers.
that statement was like an order to the Prime Minister, who in his head had the memories of the pressure from members of parliament that caused the new restructuring of the cabinet.
after that, Pinda summoned a session for CCM members of parliament who are in the committee of Parliament for Energy and Minerals.
others who were in that session are, along with the Speaker of Parliament, Anne Makinda, Minister Professor Muhongo and the Permanent Secretary, Maswi.
the session lasted for about six hours.
the situation was volatile and the Prime Minister criticized some members of parliament.
he mentioned the names of those benefitting from TANESCO, who were advocating for leaders who had been suspended from work at TANESCO to be returned.
"two Members of Parliament with special seats exchanged insulting words there.
one told a colleague that he is defending corruption in TANESCO because he is doing business with that company, he too then stood up and answered her that better him who does business with TANESCO rather than his colleague who does the business of selling her body.
Maswi also reminded one of the members of parliament how he once went to ask him for a bribe of 50 million shillings so that he could go and share with his colleagues.
when he told him he did not have that amount of money, he reduced that stake to 20 million shillings.
"evidence of that has been preserved and will be presented to the concerned section," explains our source of information.
Malecela is called to rescue the ship, the former Prime Minister, John Malecela, was forced to serve as well.
Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda is mentioned to ask him to explain to him the real situation of one member of parliament from Arusha so that he can stop to continue being an agent of corrupt cartels who were benefiting from TANESCO.
elder Malecela sat with... member of parliament (the name is mentioned) he explained to him everything but the guy was stubborn.
the elder told him "you are going to finish yourself politically days aren't many," but he continued with his stand, so the elder left him and now his condition politically is bad.
he is part of the parliamentarians who are being accused of corruption," explains our source of information.
the secret of parliamentarians requesting for bribes, secrets of some members of parliament and especially in asking and receiving bribes have continued being displayed by some of them, explaining to Raia Mwema that, most of those who took loans of up to 200 million shillings to start a business, those businesses have died and their salaries now service those loans and for that, they do not have any other source of income.
due to that situation, members of parliament have been crying for increment in salaries and allowances, and through their committees, some are claiming to put pressure to be given seminars by some of the public corporations and institutions.
some of the parliamentarians who spoke with this newspaper under a condition of not being mentioned in the Newspaper, have said that besides the parliamentarians being in that hard situation, there is a government weakness to an extent that parliamentarians are allowed to interfere with the government action activities.
as a result of government as a result of the dollar axis seems overwhelmed by Parliament and thus being too submissive to the parliament, (surrender to Parliament),
the parliament has found its position of managing and advising the government being used badly by entering into small issues of administration and performance on a daily basis.
"they have stopped managing the government on the issues of policies, now they are becoming agents of business people who missed out on tenders or business people whose licenses are being canceled," explains one of the parliamentarians from the lake region.
in adding strength to that argument, another member of parliament says "those who are complaining of being oppressed or in whichever way are supposed to go to court and not to parliamentarians, and again by giving them money".
"most business people who are affected by the decisions of government officials, nowadays they don't go again to court to oppose oppression they think has been done to them, they run to members of parliament in parliament".
another member of parliament from the Southern Highlands mentions that another reason for members of parliament to ask for bribes is the system of electing parliamentarians, which is of a high cost and after the election, citizens who were helping in the campaigns of parliamentarians have been turning members of parliament as sources of their income.
he says members of parliament also take loans to start businesses in order to increase their income, but due to lack of business expertise, those businesses have died and, at the same time, a large section of their salaries is deducted to compensate for the loan.
the Committee on Natural Resources to be dismantled after calling for the Public Accounts Committee led by Kabwe Zitto, Committee of Local Government led by Augustine Mrema and Central Government of John Cheyo to be burned, such as that of Energy and Minerals due to various suspicions of corruption,
a call has now been released to Speaker Makinda to dissolve other parliamentary committees.
those committees include the committee of land, natural resources and environment, the economic and finance committee and the committee of defence, security, and foreign affairs.
the committees of defence and that of economy and finance, are under pressure from some parliamentarians to be dissolved because the chairpersons of those committees already their integrity is being doubted before the citizens.
those committees are led by Member of Parliament for Monduli, Edward Lowassa and that of Economic is led by Andrew Chenge.
Lowassa resigned after being pressurized by the Ninth Parliament as he was connected with a scandal of a complex power regeneration Company of Richmond.
Chenge is regarded as a leader who ensured the controversial purchase radar whose process shook the British parliament.
but when the situation is like that for Lowassa and Chenge, the committee of the lands, which is led by member of parliament for Kahama, James Lembeli, is accused to have been compromised by a group of business people, with claims that at different times the group has paid the members of the committee for the chance to debate the government's decision of preventing the permits for transportation of animals outside the country.
that committee of Lembeli was compromised by those business people at a sitting that took place on Sunday (November 6, 2011), a day that isn't a parliamentary working day.
that seminar took place at the Chambers of Pius Msekwa, in the parliament within Dodoma City.
that committee also is claimed to have once been paid for a seminar hall and allowances for its members by business people of illegal hunting, a seminar that was done at the Saint Gaspar hall, in Dodoma, April this year.
