number of Ebola patients in Liberia declines
by AFP
Ebola Geneva, Switzerland the rate of new Ebola infection appears to decline in Liberia, but the tragedy still exists, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Wednesday.
"although the disease is still a threat to life in Liberia, infectious levels are decreasing," WHO Deputy Director Bruce Aylward told reporters in Geneva.
"there is a sign that states affected by this disease they can withdraw from this tragedy," he said.
Aylward was quick to add that his statement might be misinterpreted and some people begin to think that Ebola has been controlled in Liberia.
he said such a concept should not exist as originally the infections decreased but increased after several days.
Wednesday next week WHO will publish the number of deaths caused by Ebola epidemics which has affecting some West African countries while the number is expected to be over 5,000 people.
Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone nations are the most affected.
at the same time, the United States has ordered its army to return to home from West Africa be quarantined for 21 days.
this is happening as the United States struggles with preventing the spread of Ebola.
with AFP the action has led to the division between the US forces and other government agencies while the impression is that military forces have more strict conditions than those entrusted to health workers.
Aylward said cases of Ebola infection have increased to 13 703 from 10,000 cases reported by WHO on Saturday.
but he stressed that the increase was due to the inclusion in the figure of the number of cases which had previously been reported.
high number of deaths was reported in three states affected by the tragedy.
Liberia witnessed 6,535 cases, Sierra Leone had 5,235 cases and Guinea, where the disease occurred at the end of last year testified to 1,906 cases, he said.
in neighboring Mali, where a two-year-old girl died from Ebola after a bus ride from Guinea, any new infections have not been detected, he added.
Aylward said that data from different sources- including groups for organizing burial and medical centers, showed that the number of people being admitted to hospital for Ebola infection is declining in various parts of Liberia.
