Thursday, October 20, 2016
how to teach a child to have good manners.
have you ever given someone something they need but have no reason to say, 'thank you'?
somebody wrongs you and cannot say, 'sorry', 'forgive me'?
there are others even if you do well, saying 'congratulations you have done well' is like punishment and self-denial.
these are some behavior that can show how a person who is not a gentleman and can diminish his value in front of the community.
gentleness is the way one cares about the feelings of others.
to understand what your partner wants, how he feels when you say something, how he feels when you do some things and things like that.
there is a phrase that the behavior of children is the shape of their parents.
the translation of this phrase is that what a person does, largely comes from what he learnt from his parents.
it is saying the gentleness that your child learns depends on how you as a parent puts himself in front of them, in words, in actions and even in behavior.
let us look at four important things that you can put into focus when you teach your child the right way.
giving thanks
giving thanks is to restore the virtue of others.
when you are given a good service at a store, for example, it is fair to be thankful even if you really paid for the service.
a thankful attitude is learned and we are not born with it.
if you want your child to be a person with the ability to recognize the good that others do, it is important to stress the behavior even if it is necessary to set up a compulsory environment.
for example, create a permanent routine that compels each participant at home to say, 'thank you'.
this culture of gratitude is possible if you personally begin to show an example.
thank your spouse in front of your children.
thank your children when they do to you that which you like.
likewise, remind them to be thankful all the time.
commending
when someone else does something good, it is gentle to congratulate him.
commendation makes the person commended to feel comfortable.
teach the child to identify the good things others do and to pronounce the correct words.
become an example by giving commendations.
seek to recognize the efforts expressed by family members and give sincere commendation.
for example, commend your children with the effort they will show in their education.
commend your spouse/wife when they do well in front of the children and not be ashamed.
encourage your children to build up the habit of commending others.
asking for forgiveness and forgiving others
mistakes are part of our shortcomings as human beings.
but not everyone can be ready to apologize even when he knows he is wrong.
they think apologizing is to bringing their status.
if you want your child to have the habit of apologizing and forgiving the wrongdoers you are responsible for teaching him.
show an example yourself by apologizing before your children.
ask your spouse for forgiveness even for small things that you do wrong.
ask your children for forgiveness when you find out you have done wrong.
force them to ask for forgiveness when they find themselves in a mistake.
the fact is, when a child has a tendency to apologize, it is easier to forgive others when he or she is offended.
be concerned about others
appreciating others is knowing that you cannot be better than others.
that does not mean that you are not confidence.
no
basically when you feel confident it's very easy to appreciate others.
you have the responsibility to teach your child how to value other people.
start by showing your children how you value them.
when they get injured, show care and give a gentle opportunity without delay.
when they know that you care about them, they will not have problems about caring for others.
remind them of their responsibility to give a gentle opportunity to the people in problems and the ones in pain.
by doing so you will build good habits of caring for others.
track the Parental Race column every Thursday in the Tanzanian newspaper for such articles.
it is written by
Christian Bwaya
