if you sleep completely, you will miss out on a rare occurrence.
by Leonard Onyango.
Kenyans who love to sleep soundly until sunrise might miss out on a rare opportunity to see five planets which have been sighted every dawn since January 20th, this year.
Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn have been sighted every dawn between 5.30 and 6.00 in the morning all over the world.
according to Jane Platt from National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), anyone can be able to see those planets without using special glasses or telescope.
"the planets look like stars but they are brighter (they are shiny) compared to other normal stars," said Platt through a report that was uploaded to the NASA's website, www.nasa.gov.
this is the first time for these planets to be seen together in a period of the past 10 years.
this means that those who miss out on seeing those planets before February 20th, will have to wait until July 2020 when they will be sighted again.
on January 28th, the world witnessed those planets shining together with the moon in the morning.
according to NASA, if you wake up too early, you might miss out on seeing Mercury which usually rises late and also sets first.
between those five planets, Venus is the brightest compared to the others.
on February 10th, those planets will be seen closer to each other via a distance in degrees from one planet to another.
those who will use telescopes to look at those planets will succeed to see four big moons surrounding planet Jupiter.
those moons, Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto were seen for the first time by Galileo in the year 1609.
the institution has already released photos showing the view of those planets every dawn between January 20th and February 20th.
the moon of this world will be 'moving' from one planet to another.
on the dawn of February 27th and 28th, the moon will be close to Jupiter and on February 1st, it is expected to be close to Mars.
on February 3rd, it will be seen together with Saturn and Venus will shine together with the moon on February 5th.
finally, Mercury will shine together with the moon on February 6th.
for the planets to be well seen, the weather conditions must be clear without clouds and the viewer is supposed to stand on a raised area.
"the person who wants to view the planets well, doesn't have a choice but to stand on a raised area and direct his eyes towards the southern sky," said Platt.
those planets were last seen together between December 2004 and January 2005.
Platt says that Mercury and Venus might not be visible in some of the areas in July 2020 when those planets become visible again.
scientists are saying that those planets are usually visible after 10 years because that is the time when all the five planets are in line when rotating the sun.
the NASA equipment has ever explored all those planets that are visible.
"we are proud of the high level American technology that has helped us understand a lot about planets," said Jim Green, the director of Planet Science Faculty at NASA.
according to Green, the planets Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn are the only ones that can be viewed without using glasses or telescope from earth.
loonyango@ke.nationmedia.com
