readers report, critique and demand rights.
Ndimara Tegambwage
happy new year, readers of this column.
by these greetings, I bring to you the opinions of your three fellow readers who wrote to me.
enjoy reading them through meditation.
one gives a report, the second one builds a topic on human rights and the third one corrects what this newspaper erred in, in his view.
this is what I promised at the beginning of this column, that some of the important opinions of the readers will be published in length so as to promote understanding, provoke debates and urge those concerned to take action.
save the life of this woman: one reader has requested me to invite those concerned to go save one woman whose husband has locked her up for more than three years now, she's in pain and she has started becoming pale.
isn't this the work of journalists?
things are happening silently without you unearthing and exposing them, you especially in your column.
"there are those who will continue suffering and even die," she explains.
community editor, now that is the report to you and the invitation.
there's a guy who has locked his wife indoors and she's sick.
it is more than three years.
she's emaciated to just bones.
the person's looks are destroyed.
"it pains to see her," she writes through a text message.
as neighbors we have tried to give reports in different areas but there is none found to help her.
there is no action that has been taken up to today (28th December, 2016).
this woman is in a bad state.
her husband (she mentions his name) is a retired director from the ministry and the woman suffering and exploited was a servant in the court.
"the husband doesn't even want the wife's siblings to come and assist their sibling," explains the phone number's owner that sent the message.
"I am sure of what I am talking of.
these are my neighbors.
there's a time I was even giving them milk from sympathy.
journalists, make noise to save this woman's life," explains the reporter.
the reporter has requested not to have her phone number in the newspaper. "but if you are coming with police and administrators, use that number to reach me so that we go and rescue this woman's life.
it is here in Wazo, Kinondoni village, Dar es Salaam.
the rights of Ngorongoro residents: editor, please discuss the right to live in equality on the legal front for the community living inside Ngorongoro Conservancy especially after being denied the right to land and agriculture.
the right to live is the most important one among all human rights.
this right is referenced under section 14 of the constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania.
the right to live has been recognized also in the international rights for citizenship and politics.
the violation of this right is together with the continuation of the existence of a ban on farming inside Ngorongoro conservancy.
the ban on subsistence farming has caused difficulties in lives and deaths.
read about Professor Issa Shivji and Wilbert Kapinga (1998).
in their book, Maasai rights in Ngorongoro Conservation Area, they write that denying Ngorongoro locals the right to farm is violating their basic right to live.
the 1975 reforms on the Ngorongoro Conservancy laws are the ones which banned farming inside the conservancy something that violates the basic right to live.
the result of the denial of this right is the presence of hunger, malnutrition among children as it has ever been verified among 29 children from Ngorongoro admitted in Endulen Hospital with one of them dying.
community editor, I would also like you to discuss the conservation law that violates the country's constitution, the international agreement for economic, societal and cultural rights of the year 1966 and the African agreement on human rights and people rights of the year 1981.
Supeet Kimarari, Ngorongoro, 0764949482, Morogoro is not an archdiocese: since when did Morogoro diocese become an archdiocese and Bishop Telesphory Mkude become an archbishop (Citizen, 26th December 2016, page 4)?
you shouldn't mislead readers.
the archdioceses of the Catholic church in the country are Dar es Salaam, Songea, Tabora, Mwanza, Arusha and Dodoma.
their heads are the ones referred to as archbishops.
in Morogoro, it is Morogoro diocese led by Bishop Telesphory Mkude.
this one is under the archdiocese of Dar es Salaam that is led by the Archbishop Polycarp Cardinal Pengo.
Ezekiel Issaka, Haubi village, Kondoa. the writer is an editor of Community and the Citizen Communications Limited press the newspapers publishers of The Citizen, Sportsman and this one.
for more questions and requests about the press, get in touch with him on telephone:
0713614872 or 0763670229, email, ndimara@yahoo.com or ntegambwage@tz.nationmedia.com.
