then later we continue as usual .
I am very young you understand .
but maybe for the position I have in the community when someone comes to talk about the old mornings .
because maybe is the head of department in a certain area .
therefore when he came the old man had left and greeted me I salute you sir ?
I think even the president -- explained that thing have happened to him many times .
when he is going the old man greets you as how are you old man ?
now you are saluting me as sir while you're senior than me .
he is telling me ahh this being old is not because of age .
is of a position therefore of respect as he said an old man here .
therefore old man you are differing .
therefore -- you are differing as a result but maybe just explain to me the concept of gray hair and being old .
that in the past was seen like one is aged then also have gray hair there are things that follows first because of his age there will is a certain wisdom that will be in him .
and we say in the Bible that it's better to follow a wise youth than a foolish old man .
no how do you say that my father no not true .
no it is better to follow a youth who has wisdom than an old man with gray hair who is foolish meaning that -- meaning that %incomplete
no .
another person can become is -- is old %incomplete
wait for him to he translate it's fine too he could be old man with gray hair but his acts could be unethical -- they lack examples to be emulated you do not have something to learn from him .
but if he came to me who is a youth but because I have wisdom I have diplomacy .
and I helped him .
I want to know this as a person ages can he recognize himself that this is now true or until people on the sides see that he is ready yes ?
A -- recognizes himself that is how he conducts himself he notices absolutely that now if my wife is %incomplete
now he is an adult person .
that is that -- you know when you have become an adult you get pains he himself exactly tells me that my grandson is here that it is yet again .
that is all the time we return the number (()) of the wife cannot be of the husband .
also do not worry my grandmother ?
therefore I know exactly that now the time he has reached already that is .
but I oppose this mister to say that he is having pain .
I know this is just a situation of a person .
<no-speech>
yes there is no to have pain .
you know yes when become aged you will start to feel back here lack of energy in the body -- becomes present but is no disease that you know of yes .
mine is -- it is true is to be old but not a must that you often get ill .
yes because as I am now I once was a lady .
I remember the time I was a lady I had the ability when I sat down used to sit completely folding my legs down I could get up without touching down .
no now you cannot get to raise me .
I must crawl you have returned to your childhood state meaning I am getting old for my age .
here today I realized one thing everyday you realize something .
I realizes the the reason here every person is saying something that is causing me something .
yes yes .
I realized that when age reaches you just return you will rewind like crawling in the past and the end am returning that way again .
yes yes .
there you are nearing to die .
I tried the hair change ohh but the color just comes out .
the sign of times says this one is old .
ahh .
but the soul %incomplete
