farmers are requesting sugar industry.
he was employed by John Nditim, Kilombero.
it was published 16 November 2016.
sugar cane farmers of Kilombero, Morogoro has requested the government to enable the starting of other sugar factories in Kilombero Valley so they can produce more.
they have said for now the situation is not good because some of the farmers have left their farms because the factories takes 40 percent only of sugar from the outside farmers
that was said recently while reading their report by the district Kamishna of Kilombero, James Ihunyo, during the graduation of farmers of farm classes of quality agriculture of sugar cane in Kilombero district and Kilosa, Morogoro.
they said due to the current factories having farms, 60 percent of sugar cane that is used to get sugar comes from their farms and therefore the outside farmers have very little part.
while talking on behalf of his fellow graduates, Farmer, kelvin Haule said the introduction of other factories is the solution to the farmers outside of that produce.
even though, he said that training has helped them in improving that agriculture and taking care of the sugar cane in the farm, this situation enabled them to get 47 to 70 tones of sugar cane per hectare different and previously they used to get eight to 16 tones per hectare.
the district Commissioner Ihunyo was the official guest in that graduation, he wanted the farmers of that produce to send themselves and to use better methods of agriculture of production so that they can go together with the speed of the fifth phase of the government so that Tanzania becomes a country of industries and middle economy.
he said those farmers don't have a choice but to recognize the industries that are expected to be built and depend on them to get raw materials out of the agricultural sector in order to produce various types of goods.
he said so that we reach those goals it is good for farmers to join groups and register them so that they get loans from bank institutions so that they can get various fertilizers different from now where they rely on manifestation of God
moreover, he also congratulated the researchers of the center of research on sugar cane, Kibaha, Coast province for training the farmers of that produce, a step that enabled them to improve on production of sugar cane.
the researcher from the Center of research on sugar cane, Kibaha, the unit of supplying technology, Diana Nyanda, she said that the farms and class started in the years 2010 being with five groups and 77 farmers, but every year they have been adding farms class and farmers and until year 2016 there are 33 groups and 584 farmers.
so she said, together with the training, they have been brought for also quality seeds for sugar cane that perseveres drought and diseases, including NCO 376.
