'students remind parents to wash'
it's written by Theddy Challe, Babati
published: 18th October 2016
the students of primary and secondary schools in Magugu village, in Babati District, Manyara region, have been advised to remind their parents to use clean water when washing their face due to their parents lacking that knowledge.
that was said by the former Governor of the International Lion Club (Lion International), East and Central Africa, Sakishi Sharima from Arusha.
the club volunteered to provide free eye testing services during the delivery of the service in the Magugu village in the district.
doctors of Saint Elizabeth Thomas Hospital, 'Father Babu', in collaboration with doctors from Haydom Hospital in Mbulu District, Manyara Province, have joined in providing eye surgery services and giving of eye glasses for two days 15th and 16th October for those with eye problems.
the sick that came out on the first day were 250 whereby among them 14 underwent eye surgery, but the second day they received approximately 600 patients, a situation that forced them to send others back home and they remained with 300 patients, while 36 underwent operation and gave more than 400 eye glasses for those who needed them.
the response of the residents of Magugu town, together with the neighboring villages, has seemed overwhelming as a result of the number of dependents on doctors treating 250 per day to increase and forced them to add a day for doing surgery for patients who still needed it. therefore, they have been told to go back home until they are called to go to hospital, and then they will return again.
the member of parliament for Babati rural, Jito Soni, explained that the need for eye disease treatment is high, they have been unable to afford the cost of treatment due to lack of funds.
he said in that under normal circumstances a patient pays as from 80,000 to 100,000 shillings for treatment and eye glasses sold to them for between 15,000 to 45,000 shillings, a situation that makes many to continue remaining at home without getting eye treatment.
the District Commissioner for Bahati, Raymond Mushi visited the area where the treatment was done and praised that club for their contribution and requested them to help them get a modern laboratory as a result of the hospital is the best in eye services in the Northern Region.
also, that member of parliament has requested various stakeholders to come out so as to improve various services of that center, which has a challenge of having a small ultrasound machine room and lack of a modern laboratory and also doesn't have a perimeter wall hence causing people to enter the center carelessly.
