if your wife is untidy, wash her, don't complain
that high weight is a major reason that drives men to have a roving eye?
if you are a brother or a sister who thinks that way then you have misguided thoughts.
it is shocking to hear that women are the ones who spoil for themselves in relationships by adding weight arbitrarily, without considering modern dressing styles and to complain every time.
if you are one of 'those' who complain because your wife has grown fat?
what is it that caused the weight to increase?
when you met her for the first time you saw her with that problem or men who look at their wives and get disgusted by what they see, then don't put yourself on the list of real men.
the annoyance, she was a lady with the shape of a bottle?
that lady is the way she is because of bearing you children, the effects on hormonal systems from use of some birth control drugs.
whom do you think is happy to have that belly hanging on the body, even to a point they can't put on that modern jeans because of fat thighs?
instead of complaining first when you met.
about the issue of dressing, I am sure that many men who complain that their wives don't know how to dress, also have no idea concerning the cost of maintaining a lady.
how will you expect you wife to be with Pauline if you see that the weight annoys you then help your wife reduce by taking her everyday to exercise, and after a year ask me if that lady will not have started to regain her shape that attracted you, want her to shine in modern dresses when you don't even give her a single cent?
if you see that your wife's clothes do not excite you, take her to the shop and chose for her clothes that please you, and that is when you will know that the dressing preference your wife has is not to be ignored.
do ladies' complaints annoy you?
what does that lady complain about?
maybe it is three years now since you last bought her a handkerchief or a panty, and her complaining is a means of telling you that you have ignored her.
maybe her complaining results from a reason that the one hundred shillings you leave her everyday is not enough for domestic use.
maybe her complaining is a result of you leaving her all the responsibilities at home, while you satisfy the needs of prostitutes in brothels.
maybe that woman complains because she is tired of your behavior of unfaithfulness.
don't expose the nakedness of your wife to prostitutes by telling them how she doesn't satisfy you, as an excuse of having mistresses out there.
if she is dirty clean her up, if she is not appealing buy her make up.
