speaker, his deputy accept corrections
November 14, 2013
the speaker of the parliament of the Union Republic of Tanzania Anne Makinda, and deputy speaker Job Ndugai, this week on Monday were accused by Ludewa member parliament Deo Filikunjombe who is the vice chairperson of the permanent committee of the government's account and public organizations.
Filikunjombe has reported that those parliament executive leaders have at some point been interrupting the working of that committee not only for the parliament but also for the nation generally.
it is an important committee because it is supposed to do its work on behalf of all the Tanzanians though through the parliament's authority.
on our side we don't want to be on the list of those who will confirm the accusation that the speaker and his vice have been interrupting the working of that committee.
however, we believe that if this is how the situation is or even if the situation is not that way, it is wiser for those parliamentary great leaders to either reproach themselves or remain in the appropriate leadership behaviors, and especially when considered the famous saying that, what is spoken of is, and if it is not, it is coming.
we advice those executive members of parliament at all times to recognize that parliament is a crucial tool for the purpose of citizens and so parliamentary committees are also for the purposes of the all the citizens and are not to be interfered with.
why should a committee be interfered with yet its functions are done according to structures, principles and laws of the country?
we recognize that these committees can be given advice so that they can carry out their responsibilities more successfully but the point to emphasize here is that that advice should not be not be given in a forceful manner.
it will be remembered in September this year, almost two months ago, Tanzania was a native of the committee of public accounts from the countries ministries residents of the South African development community (SADC), a meeting that praised Tanzania in the handling of the relevant committee, inside the parliament in the country.
that's why we advice the parliament leaders to fix themselves early enough when they are corrected by their voters, who are the members of parliament on behalf of all the citizens.
the parliamentary committee that heads the government's accounts and its institutions and even all other organizations are better left free to perform their responsibilities, because on average the committees are taking up their responsibilities well and so the dignity and respect of the Tanzanian parliament grows.
