parents take your children to be treated for spinal bifida.
written by Magnus Mahenge.
published: 31st October 2016.
specialist doctors from the orthopedic institute (MOI) have decided to camp in various regions in the country to provide hydrocephalus and spina bifida surgery services.
there is a big problem of children suffering hydrocephalus and spina bifida in the country, due to the fact that a study conducted by the MOI institute in 2002 indicates that approximately 4,800 babies are born with the problem.
it is only one out of eight among them that is 500 to 600 who are taken to hospital for treatment.
due to the magnitude of the problem, those doctors have camped in over 16 regions, where they have performed surgeries in 18 children in Mbeya, 12 in Morogoro, 50 in Mwanza, 14 in Iringa and they have already saved more than 185 children and continuing with these camps and surgical services in other regions.
doctors are offering that service for free, but surprisingly parents with children affected by big heads and open backs, are either illiterate, afraid of the cost or do not want to take the children to see those doctors.
the Executive Director of the institute for orthopedic surgery, brain surgery and atomic surgery (MOI), Doctor Othmani Kiloloma said they have decided to set up those camps near the people to deal with that problem.
together with the efforts of the few doctors about seven in the whole country, six are in MOI and one in Bugando, still, citizens with children with that disease don't want to use that opportunity that brought that service closer, they continue to stall.
the action of the children's parents not to be enthusiastic about this rare opportunity by the doctors bringing that service closer, is what has made me write a thought in order to encourage parents to be enthusiastic about the services that are offered for free.
the parents' lack of enthusiasm towards the opportunity, makes the children continue being disturbed since still, the problems of open backs that are caused by the system of neurological vessels not to work well and big heads is a result of the system of water accumulation in the head to have problems, continue to occur in the country.
parents are urged not to be afraid of taking the children to access these services since, it is a rare and important opportunity to save them, instead of continuing to hide them at home, while that disease is curable.
Chief Executive Officer of MOI, Doctor Kiloloma, urges parents to go get the services in regional hospital centers that provide child care services free of charge, as it is expensive to get such services elsewhere in distant places.
Doctor Kiloloma says, parents with sick children, are wanted to use that opportunity being offered for free because they could not have paid for the treatment cost of about 700,000 shillings to one million shillings.
Communications Officer of GSM Funds, Akhalfan Kiwamba said they recognize the problems of the children and decided to make a donation so that they could be operated on.
they are required to use the sponsorship opportunity by the GSM Fund to reach the camp and access the children services being offered for free.
it is the citizens' responsibility to closely monitor those services and to go to provinces whose programs have not been reached.
they have already set up camps in Mwanza province on April 27th to 30th, Shinyanga on May 2nd to 4th, Singida on May 6th to 8th, Dodoma on 10th to 13th, Morogoro on May 15th to 17th and the program is continuing to Zanzibar.
