of Kilimanjaro, Dodoma about girls is totally unacceptable
written by author
published: 18 November 2016
in this newspaper, we have written two articles that are in harmony relating to teenage pregnancy and sex in the provinces of Dodoma and Kilimanjaro.
all such sad news is a bad sign in the welfare and development of this nation.
in the first news from Dodoma, we were told that young girls from class three make love with drivers with big vehicles that are parked around Chalinze Nyama area, Chamwino district in Dodoma province.
and in the second news, we were told that secondary students in Kilimanjaro province are leading in school drop-outs resulting from pregnancy.
both the two reports that were based on a research that was authentically done and in the actual environment, are bad new to a nation that has set targets of elevating to the middle economy that relies on industries.
we are saying that because in whatever ways, the expected economic success in the society relies more on the ability and professionalism of the concerned individuals, who most of the time relay more on education.
that's to say, if the nation will continue to accumulate uneducated individuals because they deliberate decided to or formulated, going through tough hurdles of life for indulging in teenage love affairs and therefore stagnating or getting early pregnancy is evident the nation will have big losses since the workforce will not be educated and hence weak in issues that require technical skills.
together with urging parents to take proper control of morals and behaviors of their children, there is a great need to emphasize on reproductive health education to have a nation with youths who respect their bodies instead of abusing them through indulging like in an exploration field and be ruined by it.
we are saying that because, the statistics of Kilimanjaro province alone from January through to October this year shows that 216 girls in secondary have been impregnated, in Dodoma, in just one primary school, half of the girls who began from class one, did not graduate this year.
in fact, all that is happening can be categorized as sexual violence, a situation that is unacceptable and there is need to deal the problem with all might.
we are requesting everyone to help in monitoring our children to finish school as planed, rather than relegate a few institutions to undertake the persuasion which is disrupted by the exposed environment that have been overlooked by the parents.
how can it be that young grade three, four and form one pupils indulge in sex with drivers while we parents and guardians are present?
the meaning of this is very simple, we have left our young children to nurture themselves like indigenous chicken while we have failed to compete with the hawk who surround them all the time.
what we want to emphasize here is that all parents are guardians and should know where their children are and they should not joke around on this.
in the past, our forefathers despite having hard times and unfavorable living conditions, they managed to influence and nurture young boys and girls until they got to the stage of marrying or being married.
besides, it's good parents and guardians to restore parenting to their hands by ensuring they know where their children are within the whole 12-hour period.
we believe that if steps of these nature will be taken, it is evident that with the current speed, the future life of our daughters who are the most important symbols of the family anywhere in the world will be in doubt.
we love to believe that while the situation is bad, we are not too late to work hard to save the state of professionalism and civilization and to have a nation proud of its responsibility for its people who make themselves the key to the life of this nation.
