we will start with our theme .
a short break then we embark on our second topic that says why is money for beer always available ?
<no-speech>
but first where have you brought it from (()) ?
why money for beer (()) ?
-- it hurts me very much to demand my money from someone for the sixth month now and worse still he is fattening while I am getting skinny .
now you do not want him to grow fat because he is owing you ?
is that not contempt ?
<no-speech>
again you found him sitting there ordering for beer and yet when I demand my money he says he does not have but he has for beer .
why is money for beer -- is always available ?
hey someone here -- is intimidating intimidating ?
do not be afraid to say .
or you used to intimidate in the past but you since stopped ?
I will intimidate till tomorrow .
no .
yes .
tell us the truth here why is money for beer always available ?
it's true mister money for beer is always available because beer is something like a refreshment okay ?
I am distressed -- I am distressed but it is a must -- I get to a place I must sit down relax and drink beer .
what of the day you absolutely have no money how do you get it ?
I go borrow there since I drink there every day .
do you go to borrow .
yeah just for alcohol ?
yes I am there because -- I am there .
member .
yes I am a member there .
alcohol owner .
or drunkards or drinkers .
seventy percent fail in life .
<no-speech>
mmhm .
why do you say that ?
because everything that is very tasty you get used to it .
it is very hard to cease that is why many a time I am often crumble .
that is you see that thing there (()) .
yeah .
you can see those houses there do you know their meaning ?
that one there ?
yeah those households of -- of -- of bamboo blades .
that one has been placed there to preserve .
there was Nyerere's time for Nyerere he used to say it every day .
that means that majority of those who drink alcohol usually end up broke .
when their power is gone they call you they have not built a house in the village and they go to stay in a grass-thatched house .
this as Kaoli states honorable master it is not true .
I drink alcohol and until this moment I own a house -- I possess other things yes .
which method have you used until you managed to cope with the test that the honorable states there ?
I drink alcohol consistent with my status and -- and when I am searching for money when I am -- I am looking for money today I have a million .
that million I will not go -- I will not go with it in a bar .
I will take -- I will take a million to my wife and take home .
I offer myself -- I will hand it to my wife -- my wife nine hundred thousand I will leave home with only one hundred thousand .
tithe .
yes I will go out with one hundred -- I will go out with one hundred thousand heading for alcohol .
and if that one hundred thousand ends up in alcohol there even if it is finished I know that I have nine hundred thousand at home .
this man here is not a drunkard he is still a drinker .
he has not yet fallen into the bottle with his feet hanging up ?
he is not in yet -- he is not in straight .
as you say why is it that money for beer is always available ?
mm .
the money for beer must be available and he must have it .
now as he had -- as Maasai said that someone owes him and claims cannot pay back his debt yet he gets money to drink .
so you see that this one here -- his priority is alcohol .
now this man spoke of a case of .
<no-speech>
drink and get drunk .
<no-speech>
I am concerned when you drink -- how do you control yourself from getting drunk ?
<no-speech>
you can -- can you control yourself from getting drunk while you are drinking ?
the purpose of drinking first is to get drunk there is no other purpose of drinking .
the purpose of drinking means getting drunk but Maasai said why in particular money for beer -- money for drinks or money for beer is ever available .
priority .
and he accepts going to sleep without food but drinks just alcohol and he is satisfied .
there is one who uses alcohol just as a refreshment .
for example in errands people drink alcohol and enjoy .
do you see ?
for -- for a man who uses alcohol as if it is everything to him and he cannot eat food except drink alcohol that man really has no development .
except for the one who uses alcohol just as a refreshment has development because he is intelligent .
there is a testimony people say that as a drinker who is absolutely known to be an exceptional drinker -- you can lack money but you get a long with your friend who can buy for you and -- tomorrow you are bought for again and the day after tomorrow you bought for but they say later on it becomes a debt and when you get money you must also buy around of alcohol .
there is truth for that one honorable .
there is truth because I like you -- you -- you -- you are drunk -- you have cared for me .
yeah today you are concerned about me I requested for a drink okay and me another day when I get money yes I also attend to you my friend .
this is the reason why money for alcohol is ever available ?
yes yes .
for beer .
for beer yeah I myself I do business .
know that a drunkard can lose memory sense but as to me a drinker cannot lose memory sense .
you know what it is you are doing .
there is a saying that states that if you want information go to the bar .
so this is true ?
indeed I have heard a lot of this from the alcoholic drinkers .
they say yeah master that if you want to research a business whatever -- whatever go to the bar .
now for those who do not drink who are the majority here -- where do you get your secrets if it is a must that you get it from a bar and a must -- to give out cash ?
<no-speech>
and there at the bar sister mm you cannot -- you cannot -- you cannot -- you cannot go there that -- you cannot go to the bar unless you drink .
you can go to -- you can go to the bar and order even for water and drink it .
yeah not really .
you go -- you go -- you go to bar with your friends fifteen days of the first month for example the first month to drink soda .
second month your friends will tell you sir yeah begin (()) food (()) .
for what -- soft alcohol -- soft .
you bringing -- you bringing bees here sir .
and that is why -- alcoholics will tell you like this that it is a must we make a deal at the bar .
because you know if you make a deal at the bar it will come back in the circuit .
now there are two things there .
there is alcoholism that is learned or -- taken up maybe by friendship .
because you have drunkard friends .
so that is why you go and arrange your things perhaps in bar where probably bar circuit passes by you .
now when you start there and come to get used to it you start taking -- drinking even at home .
then later on children come to -- to enter into risky alcoholism .
for example I took from the environment where I was born .
<no-speech>
you can realize that the elderly people had developments though alcohol was present but they were not drinking the way it is being done today .
now probably you in your age group -- who felt that alcohol today -- are messed up .
as usual we must put the salad in the middle in (()) .
but today our salad is that of lines -- lines .
we also look at him today (()) as he comes with his lines .
<no-speech>
