Hilal Hemed Hilal: the fastest Tanzanian swimmer
November 07, 2013
when I was filling the incoming visitor's book in IST Masaki national school, my mind was on the guy who holds a record of swimming the fastest in this country.
he is called Hilal Hemed Hilal and his record is 24 seconds swimming across a 50 meters pool.
last week he broke the record by bringing Tanzania 15 medals when he participated in a clubs tournament in Kenya that was held in the city of Mombasa.
the competition involved all swimming clubs in Kenya.
there were 30 Tanzanians from different clubs and formed a team they called Tanzania swimming squad.
from the 15 medals he swept, 5 are gold, seven are silver and three are bronze.
as if that is not enough, he held the second position on the men's side the first position going to Torg Pragassa from Kenya.
"I started swimming when I was very young, at the time swimming was compulsory in the nursery school I went to.
later when I started form one at Aga Khan the year 2009 is when I realized I am talented in swimming.
"teacher Amina Mfaume, is the one who discovered my talent and advised me to join Taliss (Tanzania Life Swimming Society) swimming club.
it was early 2010, when I participated in the first competition in Nairobi for third and fourth zone but I did not get any medal because I only went to gain experience.
"I later went to India in the Commonwealth competition, I swam 100 and 50 meters.
similarly I did not get anything. in the same year, 2010 I went to Dubai for the world competition, but I also did not get anything."
therefore, Hilal did not get anything in all the competitions he participated in in 2010.
however, they helped him add his skills and be more confident.
sometimes competing does not only mean winning.
"when I started swimming I was using 29 seconds to complete 50 meters in all styles.
but every time I got into a new competition I added my ability, when I participated in the Indian competition I was using 27 seconds and when I went to Dubai I was using 26 seconds.
"remember in swimming 50 meters in 26 seconds, very few people can get to this level.
but I saw it was not enough, I kept training and until now I complete 50 meters in 24 seconds which in Tanzania and some African countries no one reaches this level," explains Hilal confidently.
in the year 2011 he participated in regional competitions in Uganda and Zambia, at different periods.
in that year is when he started to show his fierceness of collecting medals where he won himself 20 medals the whole year.
six gold, 10 silver and seven bronze.
however, in the year 2012 Hilal was required to participate in Olympics games that were held in London but his name was struck the last minutes.
Raia Mwema talked to the national swimming team coach who is also Hilal's coach, Alex Mwaipasi and he said that he too does not know why his boy's name was struck.
for now it is not only Tanzania but East Africa, when you mention a clever and fast swimmer then it's Hilal Hilal's name that comes to mind, but we are surprised the national swimming association removed his name at the last minute from the list of people who were supposed to represent the country in the Olympics.
up to now that issue affects my boy psychologically, Tanzania has opportunists in this swimming associations," said Alex appearing so touched by the act.
moreover, currently Hilal holds the record for all styles in swimming in the country, (freestyle, butterfly and Backstroke) in a 50 meters distance.
"every year Tanzania has club swimming competitions, we call Tanzania open championships since 2012 up to this year, I have been the first in all styles, therefore no one has broken my record till now," he said.
in the past two years, the youth has participated in Istanbul competitions in Turkey but he did not get anything, he also went to Barcelona in Spain and he also did not get anything.
when he explained the reason for Tanzanian swimmers performing poorly in international competitions, Hilal said it is poor preparations and the government not cooperating with simmers.
the youth who was born in July 1994 has completed his fourth form last year at Aga Khan and he has dreams of joining any University in the world to study Bachelor of Arts in Sports Management.
