recognize the loses of getting an employment through corruption
unemployment is a challenge of the whole world.
what is different between one country to the other is the size of the problem.
every human is pressed by the basic needs, fulfilling them without money is also impossible, getting money without difficult.
the main source of ma in many people is to be employed or in the government or private institution.
that situation is what causes many people to be ready to do anything in order to be employed.
when asked about bribe money, there are those forced to use their body as gifts to the one offering employment.
those without money promise several months of salary depending on the agreement.
you can find a person who is starting to work and instead of their situation being good because he has sure income, life continues to be hard.
instead he is working for a person.
there are some who are turned into slaves of love.
whenever the job provider needs to fulfill his bodily desires he just requests.
in one office you can even find five people that contributes love to the job provider because they were given jobs through the same fashion.
bribing in order to get a job is a result of ignorance.
you should understand that when you get employed it means that you qualified for the criteria of the job meaning you seem capable to perform the job you were asked and produce results, now what's the bribe for?
there are losses that you will face if you will enter the job through bribing.
if you understand them they will guide you to refuse bribes.
job slavery happens when you get employed through bribes and not when you are qualified according to your qualifications in the curriculum vitae and experience together with how you answered the questions of the interviewers.
the person you bribe places you in the same category with those whom he gave jobs, for that he will command the way he wants job-wise because of the presumption that without him you would have not been employed.
you may think that the bribe you gave him is the qualification for him respecting and giving you value.
there you are lying to yourself, since when you were offering bribes is there any place you registered and signed?
it's because there is no written agreement that is why he is arrogant and you cannot catch him on anything.
furthermore, you will live telling people that a certain boss you gave money to employ you but the way he is oppressing you at work you will think that you entered the job without paying anything.
about bribe of using your body, refuse it completely.
usually, whenever he uses you there is no binding written agreement.
after two days if he turns against you there will be no witnesses.
important guiding questions are these, employment and your body, which over which?
you ask for a tendering coordinator job one person on the panel of employers decides to use your body, is it your body that he will see your capability in the job you asked for?
whoever wants to use your body to give you a job does not respect and value your personality.
you are supposed to ask yourself how many has he used in the same way?
its result is that you get the job then find 10 of whom were used by the greedy boss.
a hundred for his profit.
job security can provide the money and even body then you get employed.
whoever you bribed with money or body is who can give recommendations that you be stopped from work and you cannot get any help even if you decide to say what you have.
first, bribe is a secret oath.
you cannot announce that you gave out the bribe just like the receiver cannot admit that he received.
bribery is a sin and a big mistake, for that it remains a secret of the giver and the receiver.
you can offer the bribe and received then you are denied the employment.
you cannot sue anywhere that you gave bribe because you will be taking yourself into troubles.
when you get employment after giving bribe, all days you will be under pressure whenever you hear the information of employees' inspection.
because you will be afraid for your goodness if it satisfies the levels of the office.
surety of the employment is that which you are employed after you are seen that you will be of help in the institution involved.
and you believe in yourself because you were given good recommendations after answering well the interview questions.
when you are carried to enter into the job you cannot believe in yourself.
that way you will be worried whenever matters of employees' reviews are done.
when told to just present your original certificates of school you will start worrying even if you have them all.
reliance on the giver of employment when enters into the employment to produce good employees that will make him get success.
he who accepts to be bribed it means that he wants anyone as long as he is given whatever he wants.
for that reason if you see a person asking for bribe know that he is not the owner.
he is just misusing the opportunity he has been given.
for that reason know that if he was put then he can be removed and replaced by another.
the world has no secret in any institution that the employment procedures are not implemented by one person.
if he who is at the highest position gave the instructions of you being received at work opposite to the procedures because of the bribe you gave him, that cannot be a secret anymore.
words will be communicated and will spread.
you were told that there is no secret of two people.
the spread of those words is destructive to your employment together with the recruiter that you bribed.
people will talk and you will say that it's a team, but even so they will be surprising the top leadership that if it decides to take action you will not remain safe.
