China discovers a rock of minerals in the moon.
by Leonard Onyango.
the Chinese Sky Research Institute has found proof about the presence of a huge rock made of minerals in the moon.
that discovery published in the Nature Communications newspaper was revealed after an equipment known as Chang'e 3 sent photos showing the rock.
"the photos received from the Chang'e 3 equipment show a huge rock that is in a dark area," said the researcher of planet issues from China University, Zongcheng Ling.
the equipment of Chang'e 3 has been in the moon since it arrived in the year 2013.
already China has released another equipment known as Chang'e 4 that is expected to land on the moon in the year 2018.
previously, the Chang'e 4 equipment was programmed to arrive on the moon in the year 2020 but Zongcheng says that it will arrive two years earlier, different to how it was thought.
"despite the moon being close to the earth where we live, there are still many things that we do not understand," says Zongcheng.
in the recent years, China has been seen putting emphasis on research of the moon while America focuses on the distant planets like Mars and Pluto.
that discovery agrees with previous researches which hint on the presence of rocks in the moon.
researchers said that the rock is found at an area which is believed to have been a huge pool of water.
according to those researchers, that pool is the one that appears like a person standing when you look at the moon.
how the moon reduces the rain: new research has shown that when the moon is up in the sky at night, its weight can reduce the amount of rain on earth.
the results published in the Geophysical Research Letters magazine by researchers from Washington University, America show that, when the moon is up (illuminating the crown), its weight reduces the amount of humidity in the surrounding air.
researchers Tsubasa Kohyama and John Wallace who did that research say that the reduction of the humidity reduces the amount that rains.
the researchers made that report after analyzing data and the rain trends collected by National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) of America and the Japanese one (JAEA) between the year 1998 and 2012.
Kohyama and Wallace clarified that the weight of the moon when up reduces the amount of rain by one percent.
"what we understand is that this is the first research involving the moon's pressure and the rain,"
said Tsubasa Kohyama, a postgraduate student in the science of climatic issues.
however, those researchers say that the condition changes from time to time.
"even though there are no effects on agriculture, this discovery is important in helping scientists conduct more research related to the behavior of climate conditions," said Kohyama.
in the year 1847, scientists discovered that the moon's rotations affects the obstruction of air in the sky.
in the year 1932, researchers revealed that the obstruction of air affects heat in the air too.
in the year 2014, researchers from Washington University confirmed that the pressure on earth changes according to the moon's rotation.
researchers now say that they are targeting to study if the moon's rotations contribute to rains accompanied by thunderstorms.
