the constitution gives a citizen the freedom of speaking and converging.
if there is anything the Kenyan citizens are supposed to be proud of is the constitution that was passed in 2010.
the constitution is the one that protects the rights of every Kenyan, children or adults without discrimination.
because of the constitution, everyone gets protection.
it's in the constitution every citizen has been given the freedom to speak, converge, protest and cooperate with others.
under the constitution, there is no one allowed to discriminate or treat people as slaves.
everyone has been given so many rights.
the time the constitution says the rights of a person should be revoked, is when he becomes a threat to the national security or a danger to the security of people themselves.
I was surprised when a case was brought to court to halt the meeting for the Cord coalition that took place two days ago.
I would like to educate the Jubilee leaders that there's freedom of converging in the constitution and there's no person who can ever prevent people from meeting and consulting each other.
I congratulate the high court for clarifying the elements and explaining to the leaders with dictatorial legacy that they have no chance.
Alfred Nyandieka, Nairobi.
let's educate girls, every time I look at women's efforts in ensuring girls get education especially among the pastoralist communities, I get surprised as to why they shouldn't be acknowledged and rewarded.
it is clear that these are women who know the sweetness of education and have eaten its fruits.
I say that women's efforts are supposed to be congratulated and they should be invited and awarded even medals during state functions for making a contribution towards the girl child's education.
I call upon the Turkana, Mandera and Wajir communities to arise from their deep sleep and educate girls.
our opinion maker, Nairobi.
rot has grown until: rot has fixed its roots into our communities in Kenya.
even though the development is good and the stability in technology is something commendable, many things have gone amiss.
the current generations have embraced technology genuinely and have tried to immerse themselves into recognizing its usefulness.
and it is now frustrating how many ladies are increasingly bundling their photos publicly on the internet for the sake of gaining fame with ease.
an increase in shameful photos portraying private parts in social media is clear proof that, morality among the youths has deteriorated.
however, it is not only the youths who are being blamed.
I would like to point an accusatory finger to the press for making a major contribution in losing direction on good morals.
Martin Muchina, Multimedia University.
security has deteriorated: security in Molo town has deteriorated following the killings especially the shocking recent ones.
the deaths of three girls killed and their bodies dumped in the forests are the ones that annoyed the area residents most.
I request the county government of Nakuru to promote security so that the fear that is causing many to be anxious.
the frequent criminal incidents happening should not continue because the governor was a security officer.
Rotich K Benjamin, Masinde University.
Raila should stop inciting before the general election, the former Prime Minister Raila Odinga said that he will accept the outcome of the results.
now why can't he believe that he was defeated and respect the citizens' decision? instead of putting up strategies for the next election, he is engaging himself with incitement against the government.
we all remember his sentiments, "seventh, July on the Saba Saba day.
if they do not come to talk to us, there won't be work the whole of Kenya."
which development loving leader incites citizens against working because the government has refused to heed to his personal call? Salim Dawood Salim, Maasai Mara University.
citizens should assist the police, the 10,000 security officers who will be employed are urged to know their major role is protecting the citizens and their properties.
without doubt, everyone knows that without police officers among the society, crime would have fixed its roots.
it is clear that citizens manage to get sleep because police officers are on patrol and if one tries to hold onto someone's property, he is usually taken to the police station and charged.
if we will need to be protected as required, then citizens will have to support the police efforts of destroying crime.
I urge citizens to heed to the advice that says, win yourself to win, so that we can get better services.
Doris Kambua, Machakos.
