in Africa, it is taboo to rejoice about death
it is against customs and traditions of many African communities to humiliate and to despise the dead.
it is normal for a community to mourn even a thug ambushed and killed while committing crime.
that state is what carry out crime.
that condition is what differentiates us from other communities elsewhere in the world.
we are heading to ethical perversion when we turn a family tragedy and make it a political platform where we mutilate each other and throw 'mud' at each other.
for example, what kind of anger makes a person appear to celebrate the death of a fellow human being because of political differences?
since the son of the former prime minister Raila Odinga died on Sunday morning, Kenyans of different walks have shown up to mourn that young man whose associates mentions him as kind and loving.
but the most annoying thing is that the mourning has taken a tribal and political course in that there are some who appear to celebrate while saying it is a worthy punishment to the family of Mister Odinga which has been a thorn politically to his opponents.
it is clear that such a family which has been involved with opposition politics for a long time and to have tough stands might have so many political enemies.
but there are boundaries where politics is separated from normal life.
that is saying, in other words, politics is not a matter of life and death.
Mister Odinga and his family are mourning their child with a human heart, what we urge those bubbling out insults on the internet are supposed to stop that habit.
that is not the image of our Kenyanism ever.
like we once said in these platforms, maybe tribalism will take us into the pit of destruction as a country if we won't take caution.
it is hard to understand whatever is pushing a person to hate another on the basis, that they come from different communities to a level that they seem to be happy at the death of one of them.
and while investigations associated with the death of the late Fidel Odinga continues, we urge everyone to give investigators and pathologists time to determine what killed that uprising businessman.
