when we come back we will start with our second topic of discussion for today .
short breaks we are coming back to enter into our second topic that says like this is it bad to get pregnant before marriage ?
what is your view ?
on my side I do not know maybe I should throw the ball to them so that they can help us .
do you mean mother .
not bad .
it can be bad for what reason ?
if you get the way -- you have gotten that kind of pregnancy you find that taking care of that child becomes difficult because that mister was not prepared and the mother was not prepared .
we are dropping and picking picking people if they will be here in the station and our topic will continue as usual do not leave .
<no-speech>
after dropping the gear we have come back again and our topic continues as usual .
you find a lady who is not married but has a child .
she becomes a bad example in the society .
first in her surrounding community what does she teach it ?
and how we know humans is that they never lack words .
you cannot get pregnant before getting married then people be happy about that matter like it is usual .
that matter is not usual even in the Tanzanian morals .
for sure in our community those who get pregnant before marriage do not get a bad picture because now many youths that were there do not marry a woman before getting married .
there is not even a single day .
a lady is supposed to get married then she get a child .
so to get a spouse there and the age is catching up you get the urge to have a child .
there what do you do ?
do you have a person whom you know that it happened that way and the society viewed her with a different eye ?
<no-speech>
or is there a person here among us that found that he got a woman pregnant or got pregnant before being married ?
there are many .
and how did the society view you ?
the society views them as may be they have become outcast who have given birth before marriage .
but another who have become that way she has given birth she has not gotten a spouse but her time has reached of giving birth and she decided to give birth .
she has not been viewed badly because she is working and independent -- she is taking good care of her child .
secondly on the woman side is how they excuse me they drop more .
in the event that even a person wants to marry be it that she has a child there she has given birth outside or at that period before getting married .
that way you find that even that person's excitement slightly decreases .
that the reason why you find those many of our ladies when we marry them but if you ask the husband you have two children or one child ?
then that is every person becomes to be that way -- that way .
different from the one you find without child what does she become ?
easy to get married and a person to freshly understand her .
a child has a word that he says father -- father the time he begins to talk .
he misses it (()) .
even at time I have experienced one thing that when children are playing they say father will beat you .
but the one of (()) misses (()) father will beat you sometimes when playing (()) therefore there is something psychologically that is (()) is greatly missing pardon ?
(()) therefore it becomes you who did that thing you commit a sin on very many sides .
first you have denied the child his right that he deserves to get to be with a father and the father to be close with him .
secondly you have troubled the mother and gave her very big suffering and got her into a very difficult life .
that girl -- when she gets pregnant it is not by bad luck there are always intentions to mistake .
it's bad luck it's intended that is it results from themselves that is it means when they meet with two people there are always some goals they plan .
and when they arrange such -- plans they normally sit we do this and this and this happens .
now when it happens that way -- when things like those happen you find a person has not prepared .
(()) you find then until we see street children .
especially the street children look out for themselves . those their own parents become -- their plans -- they have not fulfilled .
why are you telling me that is -- talking about street children but the time you said this you started you sentence and people laughed a little .
then he rejected us .
no he regretted yes .
is something that happened to you yourself or is it something that concerns you ?
that is I here personally ?
it is how I view my sisters in the neighborhood .
that is something that -- what is that needs me more .
may be I ask .
since -- why is it that -- those who are being criticized more are just the women and the time this pregnancy -- they have formed they are two people .
he has no father or mother why husband mother -- how does it become you know many girls -- of today that is in short that is many girls of today that is those moral of the old days have vanished .
and he boys also because hey don't we bear everything two people ?
that is -- a very big percentage I have seen is like the morals of those old days have disappeared .
because the modern girls example like me personally it is possible that when I pass like this there are some signs she shows you completely you will see ahh this girl this .
this gives me a bad indication .
<no-speech>
because a person who understands herself .
you are forced slightly -- what you do not talk about .
you see ?
this is as a person sees you -- it becomes a test .
how does it become now -- for us men when you father a child out of marriage that is before marriage before you have not tied the marriage them you father a child how will it affect you or affect that child mother (()) respected ?
you know the one who gets affected most is that lady .
why ?
because you find that she had no plan of getting the pregnancy .
<no-speech>
now you find that she suffers .
may be she has no job .
even if she has it does not satisfy her .
to bring up her pregnancy until she delivers and bringing up the child .
you find that husband dodging .
you find that lady -- (()) here her suffering -- goes this way she gets -- cruel words when she turns this way that husband do not want her a person just suffers sitting here in the middle .
you find the mother -- is suffering .
you see -- you find that woman is the one hurting more than that father .
as usual you know some time we change instead of that laughing we go to get the lines .
let's go and see her (()) .
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<no-speech>
you see ?
I love her more .
even me I agree more that her music (()) .
we have seen those lines now the topic continues .
may be what is that that could happen or at what time for it to happen to avoid this mister people (()) getting pregnancy before marriage so that things go well ?
I see on the side of the parents they can provide gender education to their children .
when they provide gender education to their children this matter of getting pregnant before marriage can be easily avoided .
the men themselves are still in dilemma they are on the cross roads they have no decisions to make .
you can tell the father that way to provide gender education and he himself comes back in the middle of the night ?
you are the mother may be you have gone to work you come back you are supposed to take care of that family .
the father even when you tell them others it's like you are now hitting pestle on the mortar .
its possible am very late so mother we will talk or sometimes all are working the child is remaining at home with house girl alone taking care of the children .
therefore you find (()) .
but let's take time parents to see that we sit with children .
let's find enough time to sit with children .
let's ensure we talk with their fathers do not pretend that you have many activities that you are not seen there at all .
take time to be seen more in your home so that you can talk with your family .
there are many issues that father as a father (()) the opportunity to correct each other with the mother and as a mother take the opportunity .
not that mother you go to work all the days you are not seen .
and there you are working all the days you are not seen .
you are maybe seen shortly on Sunday and that causes a lot of damages therefore together with (()) .
as usual as people have said (()) .
children need -- to start to be taught even when they are still young but the damages of getting pregnant they say have slipped away from them is not true .
those children they have planned until it happened .
it is true .
and for those who would like also to provide comments -- visit our Facebook page there leave your comment and if you want to be one of the people to discuss our topics tomorrow there you will see our schedule of tomorrow where we shall be going to what place .
true .
and for those who would like to know the topic of tomorrow let's go to the bus stop . how are you Tanzanian welcome into Minibus bus stop and today we are here in Msata .
our topic is coming early what opinions do people on the killings of the elephants ?
let's enter the estates to hear the opinions of Tanzanians .
killing of elephants I take as a very bad deed on (()) .
these our fellow poachers .
the animals are decreasing as you can see yourself elephants are dying being killed by poachers because the available governance here is -- is bad .
we are destroying the tourism attractions .
and meaning that we will not be getting tourists in our country .
the animals' reserve when its good we get many tourists and large amounts of money enter into our Tanzania .
I advice them to stop doing the act if they are doing it .
so that we just get and we get the future development .
the danger is that animals -- natural resources like indigenous people are diminishing . for example you know fully that elephants that are reproducing are few .
<no-speech>
after that bus stop what thing continues ?
visit the social media websites you log into Facebook you will find us as usual .
if you want to watch our program in YouTube write Minibuzz Tanzania and you will watch the whole of our program without problems .
for today me and my fellow broadcaster we are done together we say Minibuzz produce your comments .
