MNH offers 500 million- its doctors to learn kidney transplantation.
written by Francisca Emmanuel.
published: 24th September 2016.
the Muhimbili National Hospital (MNH) has issued 528 million shillings for 30 doctors who will be going to Apollo Hospital, New Delhi, India, to learn about the transplantation device for hearing and kidney.
speaking at an event to bid farewell to seven doctors who were going to study about a transplantation hearing device for adult and children, acting director of the hospital, Professor Lawrence Museru said the doctors will leave tomorrow.
he said those leaving are two specialists surgeons of the nose, throat, and ears, two nurses of the surgical room, a professional for testing hearing ability as well as specialists who teach how to talk, especially children born with the problem.
"these doctors will learn practically how to perform the surgery, as statistics show that 95 percent of patients who need to have surgery for a hearing device are small children," said Professor Museru.
in addition, he said when the services begin it will help many children in the country and build capacity for local experts.
he added that the cost of transplanting the device to one child is between 80 and 100 million shillings when taken abroad, while a kidney transplant out of the country costs between 40 and 60 million shillings.
professor Maseru explained that, the presence of the services in the country will enable many Tanzanians to access these services at an affordable rate and reduce the burden on the government of taking patients out of the country for the cost will decrease by more than 50 percent.
these specialists will be training for one month as on 28th October this year, they will return ready to provide the service.
"earlier this month, we sent 18 different specialist for the purpose of learning kidney transplantation, this field is expected to start within the year, "he stressed.
Professor Museru said the hospital expects to spend 3 billion shillings.
4 adding surgical rooms from 12 to 20 and are now renovating existing rooms and putting in new equipment.
however, he said the area of blood dialysis for kidney patients will be expanded by increasing beds from 17 to 42, in line with increasing machines to 42 together with machines for filtering water.
"we will add four wards for patients that require special attention (ICUs), with 40 beds and put new facilities together with rooms for receiving patients after leaving ICU and before going to the wards," Professor Museru said.
