two thousand and twelfth golf tournament for the day of Rotary has ended at the weekend in Arusha where among other things it was aimed to raise funds amounting to one hundred and twenty million shillings for the availability of clean water for five hundred families that cannot afford hospital as well as school .
let us join Jamila Omar for more information .
the overall winner in the competition which was organized by the Arusha Rotary Club and sponsored by the company selling cars Heus Motors in Arusha is Richard Gomez who got thirty-nine points followed by Tanzania golf chairman Paul Martin the second winner who got thirty-eight points and for the women the overall winner was Neema Olomu who received thirty-eight points .
acting general manager of Heus Motors company Robert Odundo said the goal of sponsoring that tournament was to pay back their customers in helping communities that are unable to access clean water and promised to continue sponsoring those competitions every year .
in our work we walk in different places in the country really looking for -- to market our products and while on those walks we have seen other people struggling because of water .
<no-speech>
and you find a younger child who should be going to school you find him in the afternoon walking in search of water .
now we saw we can try -- we can change society if we enable them access water so that those children also may find time to go to school and develop their life .
<no-speech>
on the side of the chairman of the organizing committee of the Rotary Club of Arusha Zina Daalhas thanked all those who came forward to play in order to contribute to the service .
well we hope they are going to be sustainable the only thing is you never know what will happen in the future .
the water process will not be as sustainable as it will be like twenty years to come they will have to be replaced after five years .
that is why we are also looking at doing bore holes but the immediate effect is to help out households who do not have fresh water .
that is what we are looking at at the moment .
I am very happy to see so many people have come here in Arusha to play golf at Gymkhana Club .
because of helping people who do not have .
and I have been comforted so much to see that golf players are also able to -- to help the poor not to think that only rich can play golf .
even those who are helpless we can help them ourselves by the game of golf .
so I would like all other games to do things like this .
more than eighty players and one from Kenya T_P_C Moshi golf team one Tanzanian and various players of golf in that city have participated .
from Arusha your sportsperson Jamila Omar .
