did Shilole's Nuh Mziwanda copy from Nick Cannon and Mariah Carey their tattoo?
he has gotten an example!
Bongo Flava artist Nuh Mziwanda shocked many after drawing on himself a tattoo of his lover's name 'Shilole', a tattoo that is permanent.
something that shocked many people.
"I have done this out of my own will, I have not been forced by anyone.
I have felt like doing this because I love Shilole so much...
it is fine if we separate but I will stay with it up to when I go to the grave."
Nuh told the times FM website.
however, Shilole said she wont tattoo herself because Nuh has done it and that she is grateful for his decision because he was not forced and it is a sign of true love, different from what she has ever experienced before.
"I cannot say I will do that because of anything else but only love and when I will decide to do that, I will do just like he has done. honestly, he has true love different from the men I was with, people just like to hear they are going out with ShiShi in search of a kick but Nuh as Nuh has his own unique love. it gets to a point I even wonder where he was. they say when God wants to give you something he does not write you a letter." Nuh Mziwanda's decision is in line with Nick Cannon and Mariah Carey's decision in 2008 when they drew permanent tattoos on their bodies after getting married.
Nick wrote 'Mariah' on his back, and Mariah drew a butterfly bellow her back and wrote in small wordings 'Mrs Cannon',
"to me rings are special and attractive, but a tattoo is more than anything.
they are for ever and ever..." said Mariah Carey.
right now Mariah and Nick Cannon have separated and according to reliable sources they are only waiting for divorce.
but they have tattoo marks for their lifetime that will never be erased forever even when they will have other lovers.
however, tattoo can not mean much like their twins who are a great attachment in their lives.
to what step will Nuh Mziwanda and Shilole get?
will they last like the tattoo of Nuh Mziwanda or they will melt and leave each other with written marks and!
we wish them all the best.
