shame a wife caught having sex in husband's bedroom
a scuffle has ensued after a man who was mentioned by one name, Samora, caught his wife Hadija live betraying him by breaking the sixth commandment with a lover in the Holy Month of Ramadhan, and in their own bedroom.
news from reliable sources revealed that Samora and Hadija are a couple that got married in the Boma in Magomeni, Dar in 2009 and in their marriage they have been blessed to get one male child.
the act of surprise happened in the Kinondoni-Kwamsisiri region of Dar in the couple's home, around 7pm, July 29, this year.
reports say that at the beginning of this year, the marriage between the two collapsed and degenerated into a disagreement where together with putting things straight they went on fighting every now and then.
it was claimed that the source of conflict between the two arises from the husband suspecting that the wife was cheating.
it is said that later whisperers followed Samora and told him that his wife has been having a love affair with another man out of their wedlock and that is why she has been bringing him trouble.
it went on to be claimed that after the marriage broke, Samora became weak and depressed and thus he had to run away from his matrimonial home and went to live with his parents.
it was said that Samora returned while conducting thorough investigations using neighbors to give him information about every man who entered and went out of his home when he was not present.
Samora's investigation determined that Hadija was playing out their marriage with a man who was identified by one name of Rwekaza who is an employee in the government.
in depth reports said that Samora was informed that the man was moving in a Suzuki Swift 1.3 and some days he would spend the entire night without a bit of shame that Hadija was someone's wife.
after getting this confirmation is when Samora organized himself by getting area youth so that when Rwekaza arrives at the house to sleep with his wife they attack him and do him in.
unaware that he was anxiously being waited for around 7pm, Rwekaza arrived in the home and went straight to the bedroom as he was used to.
while in the bedroom, it is alleged that they went on with their activities while Rwekaza's belly was out and his pants' zipper was undone while Hadija had stripped and was only in her underwear and tied one scarf around her.
in that ambush, Samora stormed into the room accompanied by a group of youths who only had one aim: to harm Rwekaza.
while in the room, there ensued a huge scuffle after Samora witnessed his mate who had taken an oath of never separating from him betraying their love live.
after seeing great pollution in the room, our reporter informed the police from Kwamsisiri Station who arrived in the area to do a good and big work of avoiding trouble or murder because Samora was very angry.
to prove that she was his lawful wife, Samora went into the cupboard and produced their marriage certificate and photographs that were taken on their wedding day showing them with smiles of 'you and I forever' before the devil 'did his' in their Union.
according to the neighbors, the incidence shocked many while believing totally that it is very rare for incidences of ambushes to happen during the fasting period.
surely, even in the Holy month?
it is very shameful for a woman to bring another man into her husband's room.
really, this ambush is really a strike-back," one of the villagers who witnessed the incidence was heard saying shortly after breaking the fast.
