Makete claims, pyrethrum buyers buy at night to avoid paying tax to the committee
Rashid Mkwinda
Makete district committee Njombe province has claimed that pyrethrum crop buyers have been avoiding paying tax by buying that crop at night and escaping without paying tax to that committee.
this has been pointed out by the deputy chairman of Makete district committee Jison Mbalizi when he was contributing to a debate at a meeting of pyrethrum crop stakeholders at the Mid town hall in Makambako town last weekend.
"buyers enter Makete secretly at night and buy pyrethrum without paying tax to the committee, that is theft, we are asking that measures be taken against those companies," said Mbalizi.
he said that the committee hasn't been paid tax for more than six months while companies continue buying pyrethrum he has that there is need to control that situation which is reducing the committee's earnings that come from produce tax.
a resident of Tembela location, Mbeya district William Mwakatobe too said that the pyrethrum board is supposed to look at the system of buyers who are oppressing farmer's rights and said that farmers have been selling pyrethrum flowers on credit and refused to pay the second payment.
Mwakatobe said that what is being done by pyrethrum buying companies is to take pyrethrum flowers on credit without paying in so doing causing farmers of that produce not to see the importance of continuing to farm that produce.
on his part, the manager of PCT company that buys pyrethrum in Makete district, Martin Oweka said that his company will make an effort of paying the debt being claimed and that there is a problem with their agents in the districts of Makete, Mbeya Vijijini, Ileje, Mufindi and Kilolo.
Oweka said that the problem (he didn't explain) has caused owing farmers money and even so they will pay all those debts after an analysis in the near future.
"it's not our policy to take on credit, we pay according to statistics, we send money every week, it shows that our agents are the problem," said Oweka.
on his part, an advocate from the ministry of agriculture, food, and cooperation Shani Mayosa said that failing to pay farmers and evading tax is an offense and that it's not a wise thing to continue issuing business licenses to buyers who are of no benefit to farmers.
furthermore, Pareto Board director Ephraim Mhekwa said that buyers are supposed to take into account, the quality of that crop in order to satisfy international standards and that the government has put in place plans to burn pyrethrum flowers that don't meet standards so that there be discipline in Pareto farming in the country.
