good apple farming - apples.
an apple is one popular fruit in the world which is normally eaten by people from all communities, this is as a result of its sweetness in addition to health benefits found in eating apples.
these fruits flourish more in highlands where there's no heat, areas such as Lushoto, Arusha, Kilimanjaro slopes, Mbeya, Iringa, Njombe, Songea et cetera.
the soil is very fertile and doesn't leak water.
you can plant using seeds or by buying good seedlings from agricultural institutions such as Uyole Mbeya.
if you'll use seeds, then it's good to buy good seeds or if you fail to get seeds then try to use the ones you'll get from the fruit itself.
if you'll take the ones from the fruit then dry them on the sun first until they're fully dry, the ones that are bought are normally dry so there's no need to dry them, take a soft paper (napkins/tissues) soak it in a small amount of water then take your seeds and tie them using this paper well then put them in a fridge for a period of 3 - 4 weeks they'll start to sprout/growing, putting them in the fridge helps kill disease germs that might have been in the fruit or seed.
take your seed and plant it in the bags or apparatus like a bucket, don't plant in the small bags because this plant normally grows a little big and has deep roots before being planted.
when your plant gets to one to two feet it's a good time to transfer it to the farm.
the distance between one hole to the other is 15 to 18 feet from one tree to the other.
ensure you plant your seedlings during the first rains, the holes should have the height of 2 feet and width of 3 feet.
put 1 tin of manure or nutrients and mix them well with sand.
remember to leave a plate for the sake of tapping rain water or whenever you irrigate and spread an amount 3 feet leaves/grass to surround your tree, ensure animals such as goats and cows don't enter the farm and feed on your trees.
after one year you'll no longer need to irrigate your trees because they'll be able to grow by themselves by depending on rain.
pests and diseases.
the pests that mostly attack apples are moths (moths) and also the black spot disease (black spot) is the one that mostly attacks them, in order to fight diseases and these pests ensure that you use in a destructive manner anything that has pyrethrum (pyrethrum) in it.
harvesting.
harvesting is after three years but back up seedlings starting producing early even within a year, although I advise that you shouldn't allow many fruits on small trees so as to prevent leaves from breaking and hence reducing the fruits before they grow remaining with few.
