19 December 2012
government: we are taking steps of owning coal
by Stella Aron. minister for resources and mineral, Professor Sospeter Muhongo, has said that the government is preparing to take steps of owning all coal ore deposits that are in the country.
the report provided by that ministry has said Professor Muhogo said that in Dar es Salaam yesterday while talking with workers from Sichuan Hongda, a Chinese company.
the workers have visited his office, led by Chinese ambassador in the country, Mister Lu Youqing so that they discus several issues that touches the energy sector in the country, including the Mchuchuma Coal project.
during the discussion, Ambassador Youqing disclosed that, in that project Sichuan Hongda company expects to produce 600 megawatts of electricity, among them, 400 megawatt will be fixed in the national grid by 2018 and 200 megawatts to run the machines.
on his side, Professor Muhongo said all strategic minerals including coal are supposed to be under government's possession so as to govern its extraction and business for the benefit of Tanzanians.
"if all the procedures are complete and the government gains possession of mineral reserves, it will be able to control various problems arising in this sector including the one for the owners of regions with the mineral ore withholding them for a very long time waiting for partnership and other investors to come in or sell them outside the country," he said.
he said that the situation contributes to keen people with an intention of investing in those areas to fail to do so due to lack of space therefore delay development for citizens.
according to that report, Professor Muhongo directed the power company in the country (TANESCO), to discuss with the company so that the project starts immediately.
he added that the project has taken a long time without any success and it is therefore time for Tanzanians to see the project being implemented so that they benefit from its fruits.
"I have also directed TANESCO to hold talks with this company about the construction of infrastructure to transport electricity from Mchuchuma to Mbeya.
"the issue of electricity generation must go in line with betterment of transportation and supply infrastructure in order to get positive results," said Professor Muhongo.
