the next constitution should resolve those who have and the poor III
June 25th, 2014.
last week I ended the article by saying the most important issue maybe than all is not the way we can be able to return to a community that is thought to live by just valuing humanity, but how we can be able to build humane foundations in this community which has been infected by valuing of things more.
in the last paragraph, I quizzed by asking: "how then can we be able to build systems which will ensure that together with this liberal democratic system, insists on the importance of people to live freely, think freely and seek things freely? how can we ensure that all people still respect the freedom and rights of everyone without caring about levels, religion, tribe, color, gender or disability?
these are not easy issues in our societies.
during the last article, I reviewed more the foreign ideas, thoughts and theories as they are the ones that have built the foundation of democracy that we are following today.
but as I said during the last article, before dictatorship, many areas here in Africa had its systems of operating its political, economical and societal matters.
and it's very bad luck that a foreign educational system brought to us did not help us a lot in building us into people who desire to quiz our own history.
in several surveys that took place in Africa, there is a big proof that ancient governance systems were not as dictatorial, cruel and lowly as the history written by those who called themselves inventors and later on the writers during and post colonialism tries to insinuate.
Paul Ansah of Ghana (in his publication the year 1988) says there is a lot of proof showing that even before the coming of colonialism, many communities in Africa had systems that were following democratic foundations that we are seeing today.
that scholar says, "the members of a traditional council allowed discussion and a free and frank expression of opinions and if there were disagreements, they spent hours, and even days if necessary, to argue and exchange ideas until they reached unanimity".
his interpretation is that members of a traditional council (who today are like councilors, ministers, parliamentarians et cetera) had a system that allowed free discussions which focused on the rights of everyone.
where there was a disagreement in argument, then they stayed for several hours and even when compelled, they stayed for several days arguing and discussing until the time they reached an agreement.
end of interpretation.
those who follow the Ghanaian and Nigerians cinemas will understand that even Igwe (king) doesn't just make a decision without the presence of a discussion and his council of advisers.
Ansah says there was an understandable notion on the importance of people to express themselves freely as proven by sayings, proverbs, the tradition of ancient courts and other things like songs, group poems, poems, drama, tales et cetera.
but according to the writer (Kerr in his 2001 book and Ngcongco 1989) before independence, the Tswana (of Botswana) had a system known as kgotla (dikgotla in plural) whose work was to bring citizens together (like in the markets or in open fields) to make a joint decision like designing laws, listening to advice or complaints, to punish wrongdoers and giving information.
Kerr says that the kgotla leader was known as Kgosi or Mong of kgotla and that as the community became bigger, the number of the divisions was increased and assigned much more dikgotola to enable the citizens to meet, to share information and make decisions.
if you read the history of the Kikuyu for example, you will understand that they had systems that allowed communal issues to be driven on the foundations of listening to others and giving justice.
that is why in many African communities the biggest and important attribute for a person to be a leader was not just tyranny.
it was his wisdom in listening and issuing just decisions to all community members.
but as it was in Athens, Greece with its democracy of approximately 2,400 years ago, even in Africa some groups did not have an equal voice with some other groups.
in Greece for example, slaves or women were not counted as citizens with equal rights to participate in their democracy of decision.
similarly, even in Botswana, Kerr explains this shortcoming by saying, "with the exception of restrictions in terms of ethnicity and gender on free participation, the Tswana kgotla as a public assembly operated in a fairly democratic fashion, in that it checked and restrained the powers of the leaders".
