Mandela's ANC and Nyerere's CCM
December 21, 2013
Nelson Mandela's party of African national Congress (ANC) and Mwalimu Julius Nyerere's Revolution party (CCM) are very similar parties.
one is that, at one time those parties were led by people with reputable characters to a point of those parties being attributed to the leaders.
these are leaders who are praised and taken to heaven by some of their fans and followers in and out of their countries.
there are some who say that the two, meaning Mandela in ANC and Nyerere in CCM are saints.
even though Mandela used to decline often that he is not a saint, in Tanzania there are efforts being made that wants the Catholic church in Vatican to officially announce Mwalimu Nyerere as a saint.
another thing that makes those parties look alike is how they can manage their countries, although their management nowadays is not as firm as it used to be initially when they reigned in the leadership of their governments in countries with democratic constitutions.
I believe that because they have that kind of constitution, there countries that drag themselves and not perish.
together with having that constitution, those countries also have powerful communal and steady basic citizen rights, they have opposition parties that are firm, vigilant media.
South Africa on its side has more than that.
it has powerful trade unions, free and stable legal system together with big and powerful corporations and businesses.
with no doubt, there are differences between the parties.
one is that the parties originated for the purpose of fighting different enemies who had different systems of ruling them, though all of them were humiliating Africans.
and more so, they spearheaded their independence struggles under different environments.
another difference is that contrary to CCM, the party of ANC is a party which is like an umbrella, below it are other powerful parties to support it.
among them is South African Communist Party (SACP) and the Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu).
some of the ministers of the government lead by ANC are leaders or main members of those parties.
and even Mandela himself aside from being the ANC leader, he was also a secret member and a representative of the executive committee of the Communist Party.
the party of CCM and its government, on their side do not have such like structure.
and they never had a structure like that since their origin from where it came.
when we talk about CCM during those days we especially talk about TANU.
and the biggest difference is that despite the party of ANC has really passed CCM by age- ANC was born on January 8, 1912 and is the oldest party in the African continent- moreover, it does not have a great experience in driving the government as CCM.
both parties have succeeded in their great objective of bringing independence from white colonialism in Tanganyika or discriminating leadership of Boers in South Africa.
above those great achievements together with other developments in general, the parties have failed to get majority of the citizens of their countries out of poverty.
in South Africa the situation is worse.
discriminatory leadership and racism was stopped in that country after the first democratic elections in the year 1994.
that, without a doubt, was a great achievement, but it did not get millions of black Africans in that country out of poverty.
indeed, their situation became increasingly worse following emergence of economic discrimination.
this discrimination was not racism because a group of African capitalists came up, among them being the top ranked leaders of ANC, Cosatu and the Communist party.
these ones used their positions in their parties or in the government to enrich themselves.
let me just mention one example of Missus Joyce Moloi-Moropa who is an ANC member of parliament and the treasurer for the Communist Party.
this honorable communist woman is the Director of Masincazelane Investments Company that was formed by the Communist Party.
as if that's not enough, she has 19 percent shares in private university Letsatsi solutions and is the director in a brick making company called Zebediela bricks.
Missus Moloi-Moropani is only one of the main leaders of ANC who engage themselves with large businesses.
rumor has it that Zebediela Bricks company alone every year earns a profit of millions of American dollars.
