14,000 recruits to be educated yearly.
by Mwangi Muiruri
the Central Government has announced that they will be educating 14,000 recruits in the national youth service (NYS) yearly on potato farming.
the announcement was made yesterday by the Principal Secretary in the Ministry of Agricultural prosperity, Miss Ann Onyango, during the inauguration of the project at the NYS college in Ruaraka, Nairobi county.
this project will be made possible through the cooperation of NYS and the National Potato Council of Kenya (NPCK).
Miss Onyango said that this project will also profit 1,500 field officers as well as 1,200 recruits yearly, who will be given the option to choose to work as agricultural officers after graduating.
she said that this will give Kenya a bigger platform to harvest food through technology and new ideas learned by the officers.
Miss Onyango said the benefit of the memorandum of understanding is that NYS will be educating the recruits yearly and in turn they will be able to earn money from the agricultural project.
"the department of NYS will be a seller of potatoes and its seedlings at the market in order to get money," she said.
furthermore, after graduating and joining national building, the NYS recruits will be well equipped with knowledge of participating in agriculture in the community, therefore, increasing the national potato harvest.
Miss Onyango urged other institutions like the prisons service, universities and other higher learning institutions to sign such memorandum of understanding so as to gain extra money and lessen the burden of purchasing food from the market.
the NPCK director, Mister Naftaly Kaguongo said that potatoes is the second agriculture in the country whose benefits are seen first hand in public nutrition.
he said that for now, that farming has attracted more than three million farmers while contributing as a whole 40 billion shillings as national revenue.
"either, potato farming helps 800,000 Kenyans to earn a living in the hotel, wine and juice sectors," he said.
