Nyerere, we are just as you left us
October 13, 2016 by Abdul Mkeyenge
two days from today, the father of the nation, Julius Kambarage Nyerere, will reach 17 years since he died on October 14, 1999.
the year 1999, I was very young.
I was a primary school pupil studying in class two.
these are so many years, not as few as you think.
the measure of the amount of this years is a record of soccer player Cesc Fabregas, who was very young in Arsenal and was given a chance to be the youngest player who has ever played in that team.
Fabregas and his jersey number 15, was given an opportunity to face men while he was only 16.
how can 17 years of the death of Mwalimu Nyerere be less?
17 years of that death has come like a joke and our games have continued to remain as they were during the time of the life of the father of the nation and apparently no one cares or is bothered.
it's not football that shows to have many stakeholders, but all of our sports generally has lacked excitement.
it's not the government that cares, not sports leaders who have lacked creativity, neither is it the fans who can encourage each other in the respective sports.
briefly, our sports are in ICU breathing through a machine.
since early in the year 1990, Ali Hassan Mwinyi, when he said our sports are the head of an insane person, there is no intentional efforts that have been made so that this statement does not stay alive, but lacking plans, this statement shall keep living until when we shall know where we were stuck.
our sports have a lot of plans which are on paper, but the truth of the matter is we have a long journey to get to where our fellows are.
third world countries just like Tanzania have spent 10 years or less to build their sports and after that period the country enjoys the fruits of investing in sports, but we are not this way and we don't show signs of getting from being like this.
our sports have endless disputes, when one sport's dispute ends, another dispute for another sport starts.
when you are in such a region it is difficult as a nation to succeed in whatever you are planning together.
if there will be success then it will be for an individual as it is for Mbwana Samatta.
Samatta has reached wherever he has reached by his own efforts and not a person or a party that helped him battle the whites right now.
as a country this is where we are.
it's only nationalism and heroism that can make you stay with a person from another nation and start praising our sports, but the real situation is useless and a result of the poor sports policy that we have.
before my grandfather and the former popular RTD anchor Mshindo Mkeyenge, followed wherever his companion Nyerere is, last year he was a journalist who was experienced in presenting and writing like me.
in Mkenyenge's presentation, he mostly announced the success of sports in Tanzania.
today you could hear him announce of Filbert Bayi, who performed well in athletics in the year 1974, tomorrow you could hear him announcing Peter Tino scoring a goal to move stars to play (AFCON) African nations, but for me life is not this way.
I use most of the time to inform people of disputes in sports.
since 1999 to 2016, we were supposed to be far in all the sports, but instead we keep sinking as a result of the problems we caused ourselves and we don't have anyone to blame, let us blame ourselves.
Cape Verde, Kenya and Uganda are close examples from those nations having succeeded in their various sports recently.
Cape Verde is a country that succeeded in football, whereas we once saw their struggles in building themselves and there is a time we scored them when we met.
but right now when you mention Cape Verde know you are mentioning a country with an assurance of qualifying AFCON tournament without worry.
Kenya is another country that once brought their athletics teacher to come in this country to be taught that sport, but today when you talk about athletics in East African zone you are talking about Kenya.
also Uganda's national football team will among the nations that will participate in AFCON tournament during the year.
how comes nations that were once behind us today are more than 50 steps ahead of us while we raise endless disputes?
the year 2016 is supposed to be the right time to put aside the disputes we have and to reflect generally on our sports so that we come with a right answer and our beginning of success to start from there.
it is a must as a nation to ask ourselves where have we stuck so that it becomes easy to get ourselves out, but if we continue as we are for several years, we shall come to meet again on this page as we celebrate the death of Nyerere and our sports to keep staying in this same chapter.
