how the constitution was found
October 11, 2014
leaders threaten to leave posts, frequent meetings of the ministers of Zanzibar union and rise in emotions among members of constitutional parliament are among the issues that came up during the process of looking for the proposed constitution that ends today.
according to the news that was found after interviews with the members of the special constitutional parliament (BMK), official news of the parliament from the meetings of those committees and the revolution of the parliament itself, Raia Mwema has got a picture of what particularly was going on behind the scenes.
among the news that this newspaper has got is the step of former chairman of the Constitution Drafting Committee, Andrew Chenge threatening to quit his position if representatives of the committee could have forced things that would degrade the dignity of the committee.
according the official news of the committee, Chenge directed after some of the representatives of his committee wanting the current system of having the president and a running-mate to be changed and instead the president to have two deputies who are the president of Zanzibar and the prime minister of Tanzania.
Chenge had suggested that the president of the republic of the union is supposed to have a deputy who is a running-mate from his party, while having two other deputies who are Zanzibar's president and the prime minister of Tanzania.
"if you want to eliminate the position of co-aspirant and then we have Zanzibar's president and the prime minister then you look for another person to present their ideas.
then we shall be doing a job that people will be shocked by us.
"later in the journey, it might come up that the president of Zanzibar comes from a different party from Tanzania's president.
if now there is no running-mate and the president meets trouble, it means that whoever succeeds will come from a different party.
"according to the current constitution and the one proposed, the prime minister is supposed to come from the party with majority members in parliament.
if it happens that the prime minister comes from a different party with his president, meaning the president has more votes than his members of parliament, will you not find the president from another party there?" questioned Chenge.
the written reports confirmed by some of representatives who were in the committee who, however, state that wisdom was applied and finally Chenge's suggestions are the ones that have been adopted into the proposed constitution.
the constitution suggests to have three deputy presidents who are the running-mate who becomes the first deputy, the president of Zanzibar who will be the second deputy while the prime minister becomes the third.
news from the committee states that however, Chenge was a leader without emotions in his committee and that maybe the work could have been difficult if the chairperson was Doctor Asha Rose Migiro who was stated to have a tough stand.
Raia Mwema has been told that while BMK proceeds, there happened at least two meetings of the ministers of the union and those from Zanzibar, in discussing financial matters in the new constitution.
it is the meeting and the tough debates, this newspaper has been told, that finally caused the calling of the Governor of the central bank Professor Benno Ndullu to Dodoma, together with his assistants in order to explain financial and union matters.
"you know people think that when the members of parliament from CCM remained in the parliament and those without a wing unity of the people's constitution (Ukawa), then BMK cooled down.
I assure you, the parliament was very active now.
"there is time emotions were rising till you decide to have a break or call experts from outside so that you get detailed explanations.
those who were outside, have missed a lot," said one of the representatives of BMK who even though did not like his name mentioned.
the proposed constitution is expected to be presented to presidents Jakaya Kikwete and Doctor Ali Mohamed Shein in the scene that was planned to happen in Jamuhuri stadium in Dodoma from two pm today.
since two nights ago, special vehicles for advertisement have been passing in the streets of Dodoma to create awareness to citizens to come up in large numbers during the event that is expected to be attended by all top leaders in the nation.
the proposed constitution is big and with a lot of things than the draft of the commission of Judge Warioba because it has embedded itself in the systems of two governments while the one for the commission was for the sake of three governments.
it has 18 Articles more than the one for the commission, it has a total of 289 Articles compared to 271 for the draft.
while presenting the proposed constitution in parliament, Chenge said the constitution has taken 233 articles from the draft of the constitution commission.
