we should use Ramadan to remove our political differences.
the faithful people of the Islam religion for now are continuing with the fasting of the holy month of Ramadan which takes them approximately 30 days depending with and accompanying the moon.
this is a period during which those faithful people bring themselves closer to the Almighty God by doing what has instructed in the holy Quran.
this is a month which many uses to help those in need, self-denial, forgiveness and other many things that please the Almighty God.
this journey, this holy month of Ramadan has come at a time when political differences have emerged in the country, differences which are increasing instead of reducing.
in Zanzibar Islands, those political differences now which were caused by the nullification of election results and repeated, have entered into the usual life of citizens who are now discriminating each other from societal, work, business and even faith based engagements.
citizens are discriminating against each other in transport vessels, they are invading each other's farms, they are discriminating each other in mosques and other engagements, and there seems to be no solution for that situation.
the situation hasn't gotten to that level in mainland Tanzania, but acts by politicians show that it could head there.
yesterday, the parliamentarians from the opposition side decided to stop talking with their colleagues in CCM after their plan of wanting the bill opposing the deputy speaker Doctor Tulia Ackson on allegations of discriminating them lacked a solution to date.
this is a bad signal because such things start slowly until they spread to citizens as it is in Zanzibar currently.
we don't like seeing this situation happening without getting a solution because it doesn't give a good indication.
there are no holy writings that promote these discriminatory acts and not finding a solution when differences arise.
all writings insist on love, living in harmony and caring about others.
because the holy month of Ramadan has found this situation ongoing, it is wise to use this holy period to meditate on our country's ways and finding approaches that will be able to safeguard the country from any problems that will arise from lack of love among Tanzanians and lack of resolution efforts.
the point at which every side feels perfect, is the ultimate sign that we all have weakness and it is only the Almighty God who is perfect.
for Christians, the scriptures offer good fortune to the peace makers.
these ones have not yet come out during this period of political differences.
in escorting their Islam brothers, they also have a role in ensuring that this month is used well to safeguard our country against any situation that might caused by these political differences that seem to be growing.
we need to differ politically because it is healthy for the nation when there are different ideas that aim to strengthen one thing.
but when those differences grow and enter into the normal life of the citizen, it is not healthy for the nation because even if the opinions of one side might help the nation, they can't be accommodated by another side, that is not a good thing.
it is our expectation that the citizens will meditate deeply on the state of our nation during this fasting period of the holy month of Ramadan and humble themselves before the Almighty God for Him to give us wisdom to find a way of resolving or preventing this situation from continuing.
those who are not fasting during this period are also required to meditate deeply on our country's direction and find ways of returning things back to the correct line.
