pregnant women to get referrals to prevent deaths.
it's written by Fadhili Abdallah, in Kigoma.
published 23rd November 2016.
the referral project for pregnant women has begun to be implemented in Uvinza district being one of the programs to enable them to move from clinics to health care centers to control birth-related deaths.
the director general of the Treasure life Agency implementing the project, Doctor Nguke Mwakatundu, speaking at an event of handing over motorcycles to senior health care providers of nine health centers in the region, he said the plan will provide a response to the reduction of maternal deaths in the areas where the plan will be implemented.
Doctor Mwakatundu said currently the programme has begun to be implemented at Nguruka division, in Uvinza district, Kigoma Region whereby motorcyclists will benefit from the programme by getting paid for the transport of pregnant women from rural areas to clinics and health centers.
Doctor Mwakatundu said they have communicated with village chairmen to make a call as soon as a pregnant woman is having problems so she can be promptly transported to the Kliniki or health center to be treated quickly and help save her and her baby.
he said in strengthening communications with the Kliniki and citizens, the Corporation has provided nine motorcycles worth 40 million shillings to senior health care providers who will use these motorcycles to visit clinics around their health centers for close management of the programme.
speaking of the implementation of the programme, senior healthcare provider in Kigoma Region, Doctor Paul Chaote said he would support the implementation of the Millennium Development Plan in reducing the deaths of both pregnant women and children during childbirth.
the healthcare provider in charge of Afya Bitale center, in Kigoma district, Norbert Nshemese, said that the motorcycles are a great tool for enabling them to work effectively, especially for moving around the clinics surrounding their health centers.
