a form four student at Mbeya collectively beaten by teachers.
Rashid Mkwinda
her clothes torn,
a male teacher put his fingers in her private parts
acts of sexual violence and violence against girls have become increasingly common in the presence of institutions for the protection of women's rights and the establishment of gender gadgets in the country's police centers.
a 17-year-old girl, (name withheld) studying at Kata secondary school in Mbeya has been confronted and her inner clothes torn and punished severely by four teachers of the school.
the incident reported in a small police station at Mbalizi in Mbeya by the investigations book number MBI/IR/967/2016 and placed on notice number MBI/R/2653/2016 report is reported to involve four teachers including the head of the school and three teachers.
speaking while in great pain at the Special Hospital of Ifisi where she was hospitalized for treatment, the student said she was called by the disciplinary teacher who she mentioned by the name of Neema Mwaikenda who was with the head of the school who she mentioned by the name of Mariamu Mwanisenga and a male teacher who she mentioned by the name the name of Adili.
she said the teachers began punishing her with lots of canes while ripping her clothes when a male teacher in the name of Adili began to seize her private parts.
'when I was being punished by all the teachers, this male teacher started touching me down there, asking me to mention my men, as I had my legs together they went on attacking me with canes and kicks and sticks,' said the student.
she said the reasons she was being punished was skipping school and one day when she was at school she was shown by the teachers sticks and told that the sticks would end in her body and she was afraid to come to school for three days.
she explains that she had come to school where she was met with the occurrence of being beaten by four teachers until she broke loose from the teachers and ran to the street and hid.
"I broke loose from the teachers and fled to a house neighboring the school hiding till late and later went home, the following day my mother and sister later took me and brought me to the hospital," she said.
the journalist came to the school where the student studies for the purpose of meeting the school's leadership where the deputy of the school in the same name of Mwansanga refused to explain anything.
"I do not know anything first, I am not the school spokesman, so I do not know anything about the information you need," replied the deputy of the school and left.
according to the Regional Education Officer Charles Mwakalila, the punishment given to the student is serious since there are disciplinary proceedings that a student should be beaten with three strokes and no more than six strokes or alternatives.
"the punishment given to her was great, we will follow up and the violators will receive disciplinary action," said Mwakalila.
the Police Commander of Mbeya District Dhahiri Kidavashari when he was asked about the incident he claimed it had not reached his office and that he was currently active in the Chunya District and when he arrives at the office he would follow and take legal steps to the parties.
earlier, Mbeya Regional Administrator Secretary Mariamu Mtunguja who arrived at the hospital where the student was hospitalized said she had looked at the student and saw how blood was lying on her hips and thighs.
Mtunguja said that the act done by these teachers is unkind that should not be tolerated and that once it is confirmed he will ensure that disciplinary action is taken on the teachers.
the Nursing Assistant at Ifisi Special Hospital Elimati Sanga said the student was taken to hospital on July 21 at 7:00 am where she was treated and admitted due to injuries and bleeding disorders in the hips and thighs.
'she has been attacked on her thighs, her blood and her ears are not good enough because of the strokes, she continues with the treatment here in the hospital,' said Sanga.
