Information Officer Masasi has died.
written by our author.
published: 03 September 2016.
Information Officer of the city council of Masasi, Clarence Chilumba died yesterday when he was being taken to more treatment to Muhimbili National Hospital after being injured due to motorcycle accident.
the statement issued by the office of the city Director of Masasi yesterday said the director of that council, Gimbana Emmanuel is saddened to announce the death of that information officer which occurred yesterday while on his way to Muhumbili.
according to that news, Chilumba who was also writing the news for Uhuru today from Mtwara province he got an accident with motorcycle on August 31 at evening this year in Masasi town when he was from work and was on his way home.
the news says after the he got the accident he was admitted at Mkomaido hospital where he was given the first treatment and then was taken Ndanda though his situation became worse. eventually he was referred to Muhimbili on first September.
at 8:00 pm last night he died while he was on his way Somanga going to Muhimbili and news about his demise was announced after it was informed his brothers.
in another step, the chairman of the journalist club Mtwara Hassan Simba confirmed the death of Chilumba who was a member of that club.
Simba said Chilumba died while was on the way seeking farther medication to Mifuba Muhimbili (MOI) after he got an accident with motorcycle on his way.
addressing that magazine, Simba said after the family members and his employer discussed that have agreed that the decease will be buried today at 8:00 am in their village Malolo, Nangumbu county, Ruangwa district, Mkoani region.
"right now the body of the deceased is being preserved in the District Hospital of Masasi, tomorrow morning we will travel to the village of the deceased Malolo, because of the activities of burial that will be done at 2:00 during the day," he said.
Simba explained more and he said, Chilumba got an accident on August 31 while he was on official duty he had gone to follow up on a contract of putting up posters to encourage payments of tax voluntary, while traveling on a motorbike like a passenger.
according to Simba, while entering into the main road of Masasi-Newala they collided with another motorbike which had two people.
after the accident, that motorcycle driver who had carried Chilumba broke his leg and was admitted in Ndanda Hospital and was discharged yesterday and the casualties of the other motorbike were hurt but they are going on well.
Simba said Chilumba broke the right leg but he was also injured in his head because he lied flat and there is a possibility that the blood burst inside because the situation changed and it was very bad and that why it was decided that he should be rushed to Muhimbili for more treatment.
he has left a wife and children.
