welcome listener in this presentation of how do I do ?
the health and social decisions of the youth .
from the program of Swahili of American Voice of America here in Washington D_C .
who is welcoming you in the today's broadcast it is me Esther Githui Ewart .
these announcements which are brought to you as the part of V_O_A the African health network are also heard through our associates R_F_A of Mwanza Mlimani Radio Dar es Salaam together with A_B_M ninety one point two Dodoma Tanzania .
Bomba F_M one O four point zero Frozen Breeze F_M Breeze Best F_M for Christmas .
as usual we have collected for you hot news of health youth discussions with a doctor acting together with reports concerning and touching on you youth welcome .
<no-speech>
first of all join me Mkamiti Kibayasi for health reports .
the World Health Organization W_H_O has said in its weekly report that in the period inside coming four years six nations in the African continent in the area which are malaria is widespread will be able to be free of that disease .
technical strategies in the world on malaria the year thousand and sixteen up to two thousand and thirty that was approved by W_H_O last year hope to see the ending of malaria infection in at least in ten countries when it gets to the year two thousand and twenty .
but right now world health organization W_H_O is estimating that twenty one countries will accomplish that objective including six nations in the African continent .
W_H_O is saying in a report that was accompanied by its report that since the year two thousand the rate of malaria has reduced by sixty percent in the world .
in the area of Africa in that report the number of deaths caused by malaria have reduced by sixty six percent among groups of people of all ages and by seventy-one percent among the children below the age of five years .
six nations in the African continent that were mentioned will be able to stop malaria by the year two thousand and twenty is Comoros South Africa Swaziland Botswana Algeria and Cape Verde .
W_H_O has said that the malaria infections are reducing thanks to the you use of medicated nets together with frequent testing even though these methods have not been working well as the time goes .
<no-speech>
the group warned that approximately half of the world's population the size of three point two billion are at the danger of being faced by malaria .
is just last year that two hundred fourteen million new cases of malaria were reported in the ninety five countries .
more than four hundred thousand people died from that disease .
this report is saying that nine deaths out of ten are caused by malaria last year they were there in the countries in the southern Sahara desert in the African continent .
in moving forward W_H_O has said new technologies will be needed to be promoted in order to face that disease and the confrontation are needed and they need political good will and finance from the government .
in other reports close to one hundred and forty four thousand in Namibia are on A_R_V drugs treatment according to the recent census that was published by the ministry of health and community services in that country .
<no-speech>
these broadcasts are brought to you courtesy of U_S_A_I_D Tanzania and also as the part of African health network .
and now we are bringing to you the program of discussion .
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<no-speech>
in this discussion today you have me Rahabu Freddy and the ladies are discussing the topic there are what effects when a lady puts on clothes that reveals her shape .
let's start by listening to you .
by name am called Lidya Joseph .
one of the effects of putting on clothes that rare not of respect by ladies is to humiliate us as us .
because those clothes you are putting on are showing the features inside which are not supposed to be seen at that time .
and also they cause you to be raped by estate youths as a result of coveting those inside features which are visible because of putting on those clothes and other effect can occur is to meet youths and as a result of those clothes you have worn they can tear them with razor blade .
by name am called Anne Warite Stephen .
another thing that I can add there is that we are eroding our traditions and losing traditional clothes and we are coping foreign traditions .
another thing that I can say is it contributes to disagreements among families .
there are other people who are putting on those clothes but if family has not allowed them .
you find she comes from home %incomplete
