Friday, October 21, 2016
six things to do when you are looking for a job.
to look for a job is to enter into the labor market which basically is a field of connecting people who have great needs of two types.
one side, there are people who are 'products' of skills and talents, but they have a need of getting an income by using their skills and the knowledge that they have.
they are called job seekers.
on the second side, they are people who are in need of that knowledge so that it can help them to increase success in the services they provide by using the resources and money to pay for that skill.
they are called employers.
these both sides need each other and depend on each other because the need of one side is the answer to the second side.
so that you can be employed, you are forced to satisfy your employer that you have skills and the capability of using the knowledge that you have in increasing success of the services he provides.
due to the reality that employees vary by skill and that capability and because the capability of various employers is different, and because it's impossible for every knowledgeable person to meet the needs of the employer, this is where the idea of competition in the labor market comes out.
this is to say, so as to compete well in the labor market it's the responsibility of the person who is looking for work to prepare himself as required with the knowledge and skill.
let's us look for six important things to do when you are entering into the labor market to increase the possibility of employment.
build your identity
your identity is like advertising the products that you have in the market.
if you are looking for a job, your products are the skills that you have, knowledge and the thoughts that identifies you to others.
it is very important to look for an environment to advertise your products.
in today's world, communication has been made easy.
get onto the internet, create your website by engaging in hard work and the areas you are popular.
there are social sites like Facebook, Twitter, blogs, LinkedIn and all of them are very free.
you don't pay anything more than being joined with the internet network.
instead of using those networks to chat idly and to follow news that is not helpful, use it to show your the contribution you have in the community.
through what you are writing, people will see you and it will help to increase your competition in the labor market.
understand where information on employment is found.
you are forced to follow up closely different sources of news to get information on employment.
there are special websites that are prepared for people and private institutions for the purpose of sharing news of jobs.
and the government, for example, it has a special page called http://portal.ajira.go.tz/ it helps you to get information on job positions in the government whenever they are available.
as well, the Ministry of Labor and Employment has a special unit called employment agency (Taesa) which together with other responsibilities, it provides advisory services and statistics on employment issues to the employers and job seekers, to spread information on the labor market to different stakeholders together with connecting job seekers and employers inside and outside the country.
let them follow up through their page http://www.taesa.go.tz/jobs.
create a network
most of the times, we expect that the job posts to be announced.
but some other times, jobs are many especially in private sectors but they are not announced openly.
the reason is that most of the employers have a character of looking for people who are trusted and some other times to be directed to people who can be understood.
it is because of this, that it is important to create a network of people that are trusted who can help you to get information on employment once they are available.
participate in conferences, seminars and workshops which together with enhancing skills, it will connect with different people who can be of help to you in the journey of looking for employment.
volunteer to work without payment.
the tradition of volunteering is not practiced in our community.
the expectations of most graduates after completing colleges is to wait for employment that has a pay and they are not ready to do 'work that has no pay'.
if you have looked for a job for a certain period of time and you are not successful, maybe the challenge is lack of experience that is needed by the employers.
so as to confront this challenge, use that time that you are passing through by making yourself experienced without official employment.
volunteer to work without payment.
look for institutions that provide services that match with your skills.
show the interest of finding experience.
doing that will help you to improve your information on experience and therefore increase the chances of employment.
prepare your documents well.
the quality of your personal information puts you in a big position to convince the employer to accept you.
use the period that you are passing through to keep well your personal information (Curriculum vitae) they will help you to improve your job application that you will send later.
it is advised that you go through your information time to time in order to make them distinguish you well, who are you, what knowledge do you have, what education and experience.
as well, it is important to prepare job application letters for each job that you apply.
normally, application letters changes time to time in regards to the specific requirements of the job advertisement that is being requested.
it is better to arrange all these document early so that it will be easy to rectify so that they satisfy the requirements of the job being requested for.
reduce expectations, don't lose hope
having an expectation of getting a better job that is respectable is a good thing.
dream is important.
but, other times, you can start with anything small that is found to enable you to get what you are aiming at.
in a very competitive environment of employment, it is not wise to choose jobs.
in addition, looking for employment is a process that can make you to get tired.
other times, you can get answers that brings despair.
there is no reason for you to despair.
give heart being in life, there is nothing good without a cost.
when you are hopeful, you can follow up on your issues keenly and more seriously.
follow the work and employment magazine in the Mwananchi newspaper every Friday for topics like these.
Twitter: @bwaya, Telephone 0754 870 815
written by
Christian Bwaya
