Friday, September 23, 2016
helping a child to learn, to master a language -2.
past articles suggested four ways to help a young child know how to speak.
likewise, we have seen the main steps that a child passes through in learning a language.
in this article, we look at a child who knows how to speak and we look at several suggestions to help him become a skillful language user in his daily communication.
the environment should induce language.
it is important to create an environment that gives the child the opportunity to develop his language skills.
the environment includes allowing him to play with his friends for some time.
playing is a good opportunity for a child to communicate with others about the principles of the concerned games, to discuss when they disagree and so forth, thus developing his ability to express himself.
similarly, as often as it allows, it is good to find a baby cartoon CD (for example, Ubongo Kids), songs and other lessons and you must allow the child to watch television programs containing content that can expand his understanding.
all of this, apart from expanding common sense, helps him develop his vocabulary and even learn many things he does not hear in conversations with other people at home.
when he starts learning to read, picture books that attract him to learn more have a big chance of helping him to understand various things that go with his age.
that is, it is best to ensure that home environment gives the child a chance to learn the language.
speak with him
friendly conversations with the child also motivate him to learn correct use of language.
talking to him gives him the opportunity to imitate and learn the words of kindness in life.
these words add a new vocabulary to the child that carry the broadest ideas that in normal circumstances, probably he might not hear from the children of his age.
when speaking to him, even so, it is important to make sure the language becomes easier, open and one on one.
a complex language not easy to understand easily does not help to learn.
ask him questions that make him think.
questions that need to be thoroughly analyzed help him develop his language skills.
instead of asking him questions that require yes and no answers, or those with short answers, ask him questions that require slightly longer explanations.
for example, such questions as 'why do you think so?'
makes him think more about what he could easily answer for either yes or no.
likewise, questions that ask him the way in which he did certain things, questions that make him think more than what he did, help him learn to use the words that he already knows in expressing himself much better.
give him a chance to tell you
similarly, giving him the opportunity to tell you the things he encounters helps him build his own ability to express himself.
it has been proven that children who get the opportunity to narrate their issues to others, get to a better space of knowing language more than those who don't get that opportunity.
when the child is obliged to explain his things in his words, he learns how to understand how to express his emotions by using the correct words and at the right time.
for example; you might ask him to talk about what he sees on television, games he played at noon, the good things he learned at school/church/madrasa, who made him enjoy his day and things like that.
narrating these things develops his ability to explain things.
in general, parental and child-orientation is the primary source of the child's language.
as you stay around him, in that way he gets help to develop his ability to express himself and become a skillful language user.
track the Parental Range column in the Mtanzania Newspaper every Thursday for such articles.
email: bwaya@mwecau.ac.tz
it is written by
Christian Bwaya
