Sitta is a leader by example - Kafulia
written by Regina Kumba
published: 08 November 2016
David Kafulila who used to be the Member of Parliament for South Kigoma has cried for he who used to be the Speaker of the Ninth Parliament and retired Member of Parliament for East Urambo District in Tabota province, Samuel Sitta, saying that Tanzania has lost a role model leader for all parties.
speaking in Dar es Salaam City yesterday, Kafulila said Sitta was a role model leader because he has left big issues, which he stood for without being threatened by someone.
"in truth, I can say that our country has lost a big leader who could not be threatened in his stand, he will continue to be remembered for those things that he stood for and they will remain in the people's memory," said Kafulila.
he said Sitta is his close elder and he made him part of his family, even in the Jubilee celebration of commemorating 50 years of marriage, he invited him as a family member.
in addition, he said in politics, Sitta made a record in standing for what he believes in for a long time, an element that is very scarce among other leaders and elders of this nation.
"is the reason why he differed with the first term President, Julius Nyerere, Sitta is being chased away from Dar es Salaam University there, but he did not change his stand and later he was taken back and caned," explained Kafulila.
he said when Sitta was the Speaker of the Ninth Parliament, retired President Jakaya Kikwete addressed the Parliament about corruption, but Sitta appeared to differ with him without any fear.
"therefore, this leader and role model elder used to stand for what he believes in," said Kafulila and added that the disaster is very big in the hearts of people who understand his stand and also to the nation.
he said that the ninth parliament which he led, he created procedures of parliament which made that parliament become one that has teeth and an example, which made people love following on it.
Kafulila wanted youths to stand in the politics he was in, believing Sitta since when he was Speaker of Parliament, he did well with the opposition parliamentarians by being equal and he made them get a hearing together with their shortage in parliament.
"is the principle of democracy, the majority to decide, but also the minority be given a chance to be heard," said Kafulila.
