how are you Tanzanians -- how are you my name is Tumaini Meshack I am with my companion .
my name is Maasai of to download or you can say the defender of the cold weapon .
if you ask me where I left the gun I tell you I left it on the chat and this is Minibuzz .
this day we will discuss -- two topics of discussion our first topic of discussion we'll discuss the importance of getting good nutrition and the second topic of discussion ?
it says that is there anything that allows a child to pound his parent or to beat him ?
pound is true .
to pound .
but before we start officially let's get a break when we return we will start with our topic of discussion (()) sit there tightly don't move from there .
<no-speech>
we've returned -- we've returned Maasai what does our first topic of discussion say for today ?
our first topic of discussion for today says that do we understand the importance of eating food with good nutrition ?
as a result of the system of life these days it has been a system -- that we are going everything is at a high speed therefore many people don't consider getting good nutrition .
we don't -- we don't consider to get that balanced diet .
we leave at five o'clock in the morning and we return at nine o'clock even at our homes we leave children who are raised by house girls therefore to get good nutrition becomes a problem .
not that we're unable but it becomes a little problem .
maybe I should have started with the sister there .
you -- your system of eating is in what way ?
my system of eating I see is very hard and not only to me to all workers because when you go there to work there is no place you can get -- cook your food that you want .
all the food you depend on is for purchase .
you don't know where they've been cooked ?
others again here in town these days bring food in buckets I don't know even he has cooked and kept -- you're just served .
and you have no choice to eat -- today I want to eat just salads and what .
according to that also it is possible but for a high income to people of normal income is difficult to make a choice therefore what I do is I just eat fruits .
so that I don't go back home when I reach I can eat good food .
because the food you're given there in town I don't like them very much because they aren't good .
when you say that I eat good nutrition is -- is what kind of food -- how have you been served the food honorable ?
nutrition that I understand is a combination of various foods but one food .
you eat that a little fruit bananas avocados you mix there .
that's how I understand myself .
why do you like to eat foods that we have (()) ?
we eat because of eating or we eat because of being full ?
why do we eat the foods we eat ?
why do we eat the foods we eat ?
many times in raising a child let's take when you're a small child .
<no-speech>
many parents the way they were raised they like certain kinds of foods .
<no-speech>
if we take those people from up country many times in the morning they can -- they prepare Ugali .
Ugali ?
Ugali absolutely with -- with fish or with meat and they go to the farm .
but when we come here in town Dar es Salaam we have stayed for a long time .
<no-speech>
our foods depend on the whole day's rotation .
many times we eat -- we drink a little tea in the morning .
in the day we eat other foods .
<no-speech>
therefore it depends on foods that your parents raised you with .
here maybe there are two meanings there are others who eat in order to live .
and there are others who eat so long as they have eaten .
<no-speech>
what do I mean when I say another person just eats so that they can live ?
that is no way out .
that -- yes yes .
that is he has struggled enough now he even lacks getting that shilling to go and eat .
therefore and when he gets any another food which they call -- there is they call not leftovers others say salads are those leftovers in the local language .
you find a person if he gets that then that is let's go .
that one lives just so he can do what ?
so as to live .
meaning that he eats in order to live .
there is that one who is eating now in order to do what ?
to build the health of his body .
and like normally ours Minibuzz we like to cooperate with stakeholders and different experts because right now it's the time of getting in .
let's go to the get in .
<misc>
