healthcare providers AIDS Fund- Kigwangala.
written by our reporter.
published: 1st November 2016.
healthcare stakeholders in the country including the member of parliaments have been asked to come and invest in the AIDS Fund so as to cooperate with the government in improving healthcare for the victims of the disease.
in addition, the government has said there are no cargoes of drugs to suppress the effects of AIDS (ARVs) that are stuck at the port and those drugs as well as for the vaccine project (vaccine) are present at 100 percent.
assistant minister of health, community development, gender, elderly and children, Doctor Hamis Kigwangala gave the plea in parliament today while responding to the additional question of the nominated member of parliament, Susan Lyimo (Chadema).
Lyimo wanted to find out about the government's statement on pharmaceuticals that were stuck on the shore due to the Value Added Tax, (VAT) when it will be given to save the lives of AIDS patients and the amount of cash the AIDS Fund has for now.
responding to the question, Doctor Kigwangala said no pharmaceuticals are stuck at the port in Dar es Salaam and up to date the AIDS Fund has been allocated six billion shillings from the previous budget.
Doctor Kigwangala appealed to healthcare stakeholders in the country, including members of parliament and development partners to come and invest in the fund.
explaining more about the existence of drugs, Kigwangala said drugs are 100 percent present in the National and Regional Medical Store Department (MSD).
"maybe I should explain what we mean when we say there is 100 percent medicine, it is that drugs are available for six months ahead in national medical stores, they are available three months ahead in the regions and one month ahead in the districts," explained Kigwangala on behalf of the responsible minister, Ummy Mwalimu.
in the major question, the nominated member of parliament, Grace Tendega (Chadema) questioned the government's plan to ensure the services to fight against AIDS including education and treatment, continue to be offered even though the World Health Organization (WHO) will withdraw.
responding to the question, Doctor Kigwangala said the government has introduced the AIDS Fund in line with the law to address such even when the WHO is moving and through the National Five-Year Development Plan, the government will ensure that services for those living with VVU and public education about AIDS become a continuous agenda.
