my name is Maria I am from Pugu .
many young people have failed to marry early because you find them had ever done or see how they -- their parents -- their brothers are living in their marriage .
therefore marrying hard for them becomes hard because they are afraid maybe of how their in-law was treated or as their brother was treated .
thereby reluctant to marry early .
and many marriages fail because many men these days are not faithful .
women know they have been deceitful .
you can say that you're marrying a woman but you can fail to marry that woman or is there truth in the things she does yes ?
but indeed you're supposed to marry her but she has someone else outside .
<no-speech>
now that is why you'll find many young men these days (()) -- do not want liars .
they marry before making plans .
that one has just rushed to meet someone haphazardly what you have planned itself without knowing how the other person is and that they know each other deeply before taken to parents and eventually get married .
others just do it haphazardly -- (()) perhaps end up marrying .
but (()) later on they fail each other due to each other's character .
right ?
another thing nowadays starts by trusting what is spoken .
it's not for a woman and not for a man I mean all of them become dodgy .
so you'll find someone who marries for two days and starts complaining of rent while someone who had left finds it difficult to marry because when he looks back at his past life where he met tests no he decides he needs to rest first .
you see he listens .
now as he listens you find that he does not have any issue regarding marriage .
immediately he settles someone else comes -- mister how are things boss leave me alone first about marriage .
a look at the attitude of the young men maturing -- to sit down to negotiate till you get to a point of being reminded to marry it is a small test because how life itself is .
<no-speech>
and when you look at how youths keep themselves there is another one who is not organized what can he do to at a point where he decides to marry .
<no-speech>
he might rush from the influential desires of his fellow youths sitting on a rock advising each other and come to realize perhaps there is a girl he has seen on the streets and understood her .
he spoke to her without knowing the woman or maybe she was raised in which (()) .
<no-speech>
just rushes and only goes to marry her .
<no-speech>
his destiny comes and find himself staying inside his house with her .
<no-speech>
yet they cannot even finish a month .
<no-speech>
you find marriage -- dies because a woman is not prepared while a man is not organized .
<no-speech>
you become one who rushed at things that (()) .
<no-speech>
if you look at passion at the moment young men possess (()) you will find a woman who likes to go to the disco .
she likes to dress well to appeal .
a man who lacks capability .
<no-speech>
yes .
you can find a man likewise being male and because he's a man himself he has unfulfilled youthful desires in particular .
you go and rush into the issue of marriage .
it becomes a small test .
the trust diminishes the man -- first a man becomes -- when he's looking for income and returns home if he tells me for example we have a domestic problem maybe on rent or we can call him to buy (()) as long as he knows I don't have ?
I now ask myself doesn't my husband everyday have money what do we do ?
now why should I not go so that I look for work .
he does not want .
for how long will we live like this ?
as he sits at the rock he sees women -- how women are seduced there .
so he feels that if I go I will be probably like them .
because he lacks confidence in himself .
as he lacks confidence in me (()) I will be exhausted .
I can depart .
the conflict started and I left him and the house and thus (()) there is no trust we are used to loneliness as Tanzanians .
we do not want commitment .
if we are committed our marriage will not break .
you will find that you will see each other today as strangers and marry in two to three days .
you see ?
on the contrary -- you have not learned each other's behavior yes ?
now you find that for a brief period he may have concealed his character .
yes ?
but once you marry someone's behavior begins -- to change .
and as someone's behavior changes you see huh I cannot conform to this one -- and that person .
those promises that you promised -- before you marry %incomplete
<no-speech>
now life changes its results become different .
<no-speech>
that man decides -- to leave you .
a situation like this is what makes other people leave others their wives and women from the sufferings they get decide (()) to be completely left .
you know nowadays due to the economic situation the way you are you find many young people or people who are single .
perhaps the person himself finds his own life a bit difficult to a certain level .
<no-speech>
now he becomes worried that what if he enters into marriage the situation will become more difficult for -- every time he thinks that he hasn't been able to while alone .
<no-speech>
he ends up with that worry .
