Tuesday, November 29, 2016
the UN and EU Conducting Campaigns for Understanding of Sustainable Developmental Goals
the European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have come together to drive a campaign for understanding of the sustainable development goals (SDGs) in Tanzania.
moreover, together they have also toured projects funded by the EU.
while in the region of Iringa, they had an opportunity to speak to 1,000 university students from Iringa and Mkwawa universities in a seminar that explained these global goals which are part of the 2030 agenda of the global sustainable development goals.
this campaign targets making the youth understand 17 global goals which were set a year ago and inform them their responsibilities in their successful implementation in the Tanzanian environment.
the seminar in those universities is part of a firm plan by the United Nations which was launched in Arusha in May of this year by United Nations Agencies Coordinator Mister Alvaro Rodriguez, which aims at educating more than 30,000 youths about the global goals by next year.
the EU and UN delegation also got an opportunity to visit various projects that are supported by the EU including a German homestead that was renovated with support from the EU through 'our pride: southern highlands culture solutions'.
this homestead is one of the old buildings in Iringa and was built by Germans in 1900 as a military hospital.
after the First World War, the building's usage was changed by the new rulers, the English, and turned it into an administrative building.
the EU has said it takes pride in being one of the biggest investors in the arts and cultural heritage sector in Tanzania, supporting 10 projects which are under the 10 EDF programs to help cultural issues.
issues that relate to cultural heritage are important in enhancing economic and employment growth while fostering community relations and giving an opportunity to the improvement of developmental tourism in Iringa while bringing benefits to the region's residents.
Mister Rodriguez, while speaking at the campaign said that agenda 2030, which is a developmental agenda, needs everyone's cooperation.
he praised the students and intellectuals for holding firmly in realizing those global goals.
moreover, he touched on the importance of the youth's participation in development issues due to the fact that in a nation like Tanzania the youth make up 60 per cent of the entire population.
he said that the youth have a huge role in participating in those developments with the aim of taking the country to another step of development.
however, he said that it is everyone's responsibility, and especially the youths to ensure that these global goals are achieved.
he said the United Nations, with the help of its important partners such as the European Union, will continue helping Tanzanians to take part in various development activities in supporting those global goals.
one of the participants praised the United Nations for reaching out to the youth in universities and giving them that seminar.
I feel like a lucky person to get an opportunity to learn sustainable development from the United Nations Agencies Coordinator in the country.
as a youth, I am comforted to see that our leaders are following the directions defined in the 17 sustainable development goals, I believe that if we work hard to reach them by 2030, then Tanzania and the world as a whole will be a better place to live.
"and because I now know about these global goals, I can give my contribution to help achieve them. I feel very enabled," said Mary, one of the participants.
