18 December 2012
Kombani: action to be taken against drunk servants.
by Pendo Mtibuche, Dodoma. the minister for state, office of the president, public service management Missus Celina Kombani, has directed the head of ministries of governance and service in the local governments to take actions against servants who are excessive consumers of alcohol, rude, lazy, corrupt, degenerates, troublesome, bribe takers and those who misuse their power.
Missus Kombani gave that directive in Dodoma yesterday while opening the annual meeting for head of governance and service ministries of the local governments.
she said that currently there is a lot of law, principles, procedures and guideline violation in public service such as excessive alcohol consumption and abuse of citizens who are taxpayers.
she added that those acts are part of things that happen in local governments and many others which are done to citizens when they go to seek service but the heads of ministries are blind to these without taking any action.
"in some of our hospitals, patients receive indecent statements especially pregnant women who go to seek delivery services, response to several letters delay but you are still blind to, I now want you to start taking action," she said.
she said that public service in those positions is faced with the challenge of the relevant officials (the heads of governance and service departments), not abiding by the law, principles and directions when dealing with governance and service issues.
she added that, right now some of those officials don't follow the public service law number 8 of the year 2002 together with the principles of public service of the year 2003 when dealing with discipline.
as a result of that state, most of the servants who have been suspended from work have been winning cases in court therefore the government running at a lose by paying fines and disturbances.
"violation of procedures in handling disciplinary matters has been causing the government to use a lot of time in handling cases and to continue paying salaries the servants who have been dismissed and getting them back to work after they win their cases," she said.
talking about the challenge of insufficient professionals in different fields, Missus Kombani said many servants are deployed in town regions therefore affecting service provision in the villages.
due to that situation, he directed the officers to ensure that all authorities that have have many servants in towns take them to the villages so as to create proper equality.
on his part, assistant secretary in the office of the president, public service management Mister Hab Mkwizu said that the evaluations done by their office show that human resource in local governments is still a problem.
"many administrative and service issues are still dealt with without regard to legal, principles and existing guidelines and thus resulting to various issues on the servants, losing their allowances and increase of complaints.
