the project has been created to control Tanzania and Malawi border in the year on July 19th 2012.
to the citizens who flood is part of their lives, and sometimes their nationality are forcefully change by the river, to the process which enable them to fight with that calamity is the salvation in their lives.
floods are among the effects of climate change, in the country, one of the areas which is often affected by this is the Kyela district in Mbeya province and in the neighboring country Malawi's Karonga district, which borders Kyela on the Tanzania side.
the news from both two government, Malawi and Tanzania, it shows that approximately 52,000 people who lives down the valley of river Songwe in both countries, they have been affected by floods which come out frequently in that area.
but despite the flood problem, citizens living in the River Songwe valley basin, down on both sides of both countries have been facing the problem of evacuation and their settlements caused by the nature of River Songwe that keeps shifting during spring rains.
river Songwe behavior of changing its course now and then for decades now has brought discomfort to the two countries Malawi and Tanzania where in doing so the citizens that are in those flooded areas find themselves in the opposite side of their country thus avoiding the question of their citizenship which is if it's the earlier one or the forced one.
experts in environmental science have concluded that the river's behavior of changing its course has largely been contributed to by the destruction of its surroundings, felling of trees, clearing of bushes and indigenous growths on the river banks and crop farming to the river beds.
it's been explained that human activities have contributed to the exposure of river banks that easing soil erosion during heavy rains where water currents forces the river to change its course and penetrate further either in Tanzania or Malawi.
citizens of both sides haven't been sure with their levity, especially when heavy rains approach, and moreover they don't understand even the events that will befall them in the following rain season, for all these years they've lived in dependence of God's mercy.
while the people are still in those conflicts, Tanzania and Malawi governments have come up with solutions to problems faced by their citizens as well as the borders of the two countries, it's a step towards establishing a joint venture development program for the Songwe river basin.
in addition to the main the aim of that plan, was to strengthen the borders of the two countries which are in Mto Songwe so as to prevent the haphazard changes of the river caused by its perennial nature, the plan will also have many economic and social benefits, to the citizens who lives to the valley on both sides of the two countries.
several steps have already been implemented by the two governments since the commencement of its process around the year 2001, when a feasible study was done under the sponsorship of Norway through NORPLAN's organization.
the countries have now made huge progress whereby this week on Monday in Kyela town, they launched a detailed review of Songwe River development project which will be implemented over a period of two years from 2012 to 2014.
the Minister for Transport, Doctor Harrison Mwakyembe, explained the importance of the project as a deliverer for citizens living along the River Songwe Basin, who for decades have been affected by the floods as well as unproductive farming.
the Songwe River Basin project is expected to make changes in the economic, social development and the lives of the people in general.
Doctor Mwakyembe points out the catalyst of change in the lives of the people as investing in economic projects as well as the presence of a good environment in the use of water in the basin.
the talks between these two countries about how to solve the problems facing those countries at the River Songwe basin began in the ninety seventies, where several basic issues were implemented including agreements, project feasibility, proper placement of the MoU on the implementation of the project and financing.
initially, the launch was to be conducted by the Minister of Water, Professor Jumanne Maghembe, who was stuck in the Katavi region, where it is said he went to participate in party activities.
however, Minister Maghembe arrived in the evening when the launch operations were completed. thus, he continued with the other activities including providing water wells worth 60 million shillings for the people of Mungano Ward.
the project's Secretary General and Ministry of Water, Christopher Sayi, stated that the main purpose of the project was to control the flow of River Songwe which serves as the boundary between the two countries, Malawi and Tanzania, and that the control will help strengthen the border of the two countries (border stabilization).
in his speech during the launch of the project in Kyela town, engineer Sayi mentioned that some of the objectives were to control the floods that have been torturing the citizens who live at the lower region of River Songwe's valley for several decades now.
according to the project's professional report, there will be built three long dams in three different places which will gather water from River Songwe.
in the expert's news it has been confirmed that, the construction of those three dams, will add benefit to the project for citizens living at the valley of River Songwe, which is among the production of electricity, irrigation farming and fishing activities.
the extra profit from that project is among with improving road, incite tourist activities and maintenance for environment of valley for river Songwe.
engineer Sayi confirmed that what is happening in that process of project which was formed recently, is the keen survey of the project and that their major purpose was to remove for them poverty the citizens who lives in that valley.
the opinion of the sponsors of the project, keen survey for the project that is being implemented by the department of African Water facility AWF through African Development Bank, which have 3,549,000 Euros and the new partnership for Africa's Development Infrastructure Project Facility (NEPAD-IPPF) have 1,226,295 Euros, whereby the beneficiary countries: Tanzania contributed 596,610 and Malawi 407,610 Euros.
the AFDB representative, Daniel Verdeil is explaining the importance of the project as being more than just controlling the border and that it goes along with the green development that was launched by the United Nations recently.
Verdeil, who is an expert of AFDB water resource management, says the Songwe River Development Project will also assist in dealing with climate change and will stimulate further development through electricity, agriculture and fishing projects, and will expand employment further.
he refers to electricity production projects that directly affect climate change in which greenhouse gases can be controlled, to reduce dependence on fuel and fuel consumption.
Verdeil mentions irrigation farming will allow citizens living in the valley to deal with climate change due to the farming being one of the strategies to reduce the effects resulting from drought and flooding.
despite the positive attitude of the donors on the project, Malawi's minister of water and irrigation, Ritchie Muheya, urged the African Development Bank to continue receiving the applications of the two countries on the project until its objectives are completed.
he said, the project is a sign of the major relations existing between the two countries.
the head of Mbeya region, Abbas Kandoro, on the other hand, noted that the project is beneficial to most of his province's citizens due to five provinces out of seven of that region being in the project.
these districts have been mentioned including Kyela, Ileje, Mbeya rural, Mbozi and Rugwe, due to the fact that Kandoro has urged citizens in those districts to be good participants in order to achieve the project and avoid establishing unemployment disputes.
already, citizens, especially in Kyela district, have started getting hope in combating floods which are among the effects of climatic changes, as well as River Songwe's trend of changing its course during every short rain season.
