billions lost in kind in NBC Jul 25, 2012
the situation is not stable at the National Bank of Commerce (NBC) after the bank's general director, Lawrence Mafuru, was suspended, good citizen has identified.
the bank's internal information, which the Government of Tanzania owns about 30 percent of the stock, explains that there is pressure on the government, through the Bank of Tanzania and the treasury, to take immediate measures to protect Tanzania's interest in the bank.
but while putting pressure on an urgent action, an investigation by Good Citizen revealed that already dollar instruments, in partnership with BoT, has begun to keep an eye on NBC.
however, the study is being conducted in the country's largest banking network in allegedly a state of emergency, there are controversial efforts that involve dirty techniques to ultimately hide the facts for the purposes of protecting chief criminals against law enforcement.
according to a study of this newspaper involving various NBC officials, at the moment foreign investors in the bank have been doing all sorts of sabotage for a long time and on the other hand endeavoring to silence the patriarchs who seem to be their obstacles in achieving their dirty approach.
statements that this newspaper has suggested that one of the issues being monitored by dollar instruments is currently the purchase of a banking network that specializes in keeping customer records.
professionally the network is known as Flexcube Database.
the network purchased by NBC officials who are foreign nationals working in the joint venture bank between Tanzania and South Africa, has been estimated to cost 30 million US dollars.
but the issue of controversy leading to need for further investigation is another statement that the same network has been purchased by the NMB bank at a cost of six million US dollars.
apart from the investigation that is concerned with the price being high in the purchase of that industrial plant, the investigation also aims at looking at the quality of that industrial plant which has been costing the NBC a lot of money due to bringing experts outside the country to do repairs at a high cost.
"when a slight change is made to Flexcube it costs 60,000 US dollars per change (100 million shillings) off the cost of keeping the professionals in the country in housing and other costs," explains one banking expert who is currently engaging in professional consultancy activities.
Good Citizen contacted the Head of Marketing NBC, Mwinda Mfugale about the suspicions directed to the bank.
however, Mwinda did not have any answers to every question as stated in this article and instead replied to our author saying, "the suspicions mentioned are general, they have not been directed to anyone and I do not have information on the analysis of such suspicions, so I cannot talk about those issues beyond the information we provided to the media about the suspension of the director for investigation."
but with these answers from Mwinda, more information from NBC explains that the bank has been deliberately targeted by some foreigners in the banking system to the extent of expelling them and its senior customers, including one of the largest industrial producer in the country.
they deliberately killing (NBC), expelling big customers.
they are involved in bad loans, which are causing a major shake to threaten even BoT," explains one officer in one of the bank's branches in the center of Dar es Salaam.
due to the shake, BoT has begun to closely monitor movements of the major bank in the country, Good Citizen has said that the bank's shareholders may have to raise more capital, which could raise questions about why banks do not increase their profits different from situation is in many other banks in the country.
"Tanzanians we have been like a farmer's field, a fair Tanzanian citizen as a fraudulent persecutor who punishes others for doing wrong.
they have now reached a point of wanting to devour her even in her community," says one senior officer from the Ministry of Finance.
in addition to the shopping area, NBC has also been losing billions of money in debt collection.
in the debt collection area, billions are lost using a method of cancellation of some debts in a complex environment.
by eliminating theft of billions in the debt collection process and shopping area, another type of robbery takes place in the submission of mortgage auction funds.
the investigation should not end on flex purchases only, it should go far beyond other devices such as doors, cameras and other devices that are really a bit of controversy as well as transportation of money and security issues, says one officer in the NBC, in Dar es Salaam city.
the worst fears have now spread into the NBC because some workers begin to feel the presence of a plot to demand all the bank's shares taken by foreigners.
the trap that causes that fear to patriotic workers is mentioned is to build arguments for forcing the Government of Tanzania to put a capital increment in that bank and, if it fails, then the stocks of the government be sold and in selling the buyers will have been preplanned and finally the bank being owned 100 percent by foreigners.
in the current NBC, ABSA from South Africa owns 55 percent of the shares and the Tanzanian Government with 30 percent, and 15 percent of the shares are owned by the International Finance Corporation (IFC-International Monetary Fund).
however, ABSA has already been negotiated and purchased by the Barclays International Bank and other new reports indicating that one of the three NBC owners, IFC, is ready to sell its shares.
due to IFC's willingness to sell its shares, some NBC staff advise it that it would be well for the Government of Tanzania to take the shares instead of selling them.
but while all of this continued on the NBC, reports arriving at our newspaper Good Citizen, said that the Bank's Board of Directors is expected to meet today Wednesday to discuss their banking situation, including the fate of Mafuru and other employees.
Mafuru was suspended by the NBC board on charges of letting an independent investigation, a step which he said he is self-confident, clean and expects to continue his work after the investigation.
until December 2010, NBC had assets worth 1.47 trillion shillings in shareholders' deposits amounting to 153.1 billion shillings, that is according to the bank's website.
NBC was established in the country in 1967 when the Government of Tanzania, under Mwalimu Julius Nyerere, when conducting the financing of financial institutions, including banks.
in 1997, NBC was divided into three different institutions.
the first institution was called NBC Holding Corporation (NBC-Agency Corporation responsible for managing NBC's mother property), the second institution called the National Microfinance Bank (NMB) and the third institution called NBC (1997) Limited.
after the division, in 2000, the South African Banking Corporation (ABSA Group Limited) purchased a lot of NBC (1997) Limited stocks which were being sold, a purchase that contributed to severe opposition in the country being described as a sale at cast prices.
the sale was severely opposed by Mwalimu Julius Nyerere who, in general, was not pleased with the privatization process and especially for public-owned companies which were running through profit.
in the ABSA Group's acquisition of 55 percent, the Tanzanian government 'allocated itself' 30 percent of IFC shares, a subsidiary of the World Bank, bought 15 percent of the stock.
in this 'sale', the NBC was called National Bank of Commerce (Tanzania) Limited.
