NEEC orders cell phone companies to sell shares on DSE
November 21, 2016 by our news writer
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
the National Economic Empowerment Council (NEEC) has instructed a cell phone company in the country to implement the monetary law of the year 2016 that wants to start registration and ownership of 25 percent of its shares to the public to join Dar es Salaam stock exchange market.
the statement has been given by the acting secretary of the national economic empowerment council (NEEC) Beng'i Issa today in Dar es Salaam during a press meeting.
he has said the aim of the change of the law in the communication sector is to add transparency in the governance of the companies and to increase tax collection to the government.
Beng'i has added that the step will give an opportunity to enable Tanzanians economically to be owners of the companies through buying of shares in the Dar es Salaam stock exchange market.
"cell phone companies in the country are supposed to implement these legal changes within a period of six months starting from the first of July this year to complete legal procedures for stock and capital markets by floating 25 percent of their shares and join the Dar es Salaam stock market so that the citizens can be able to buy shares with a reason of being part of owners of those companies in the country," insisted the acting secretary.
moreover, the acting secretary has called upon all Tanzanians to prepare to participate fully in the buying of shares of the cell companies immediately they complete the procedures of joining the Dar es Salaam stock market.
besides that, the committee will offer training to the public for a period of one month through various media in teaching and influencing the public about this important opportunity economically and also the citizens will be educated on how to buy shares, the benefits of buying shares and its effects.
the national economic empowerment committee requests social preservation organizations in the country to organize a good procedure that will enable those citizens to participate in buying shares of cell phone companies when they join the stock market.
also, it is closely following up the progress of implementation of these legal changes and to ensure its implementation is done in time as stipulated in the monetary law of 2016.
the Parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania, passed the bill of the finance act 2016 (The Finance Act, 2016) on June 23 this year where together with other things, it made changes to the Electronic and Postal Communication Act, Cap 306.
