Zari's husband has been alleged to impregnate a lady TV news anchor.
she wanted to take revenge on Zari...
when the Bongo Fleva star, Nasibu Abdul 'Diamond Platnumz' was waiting for his spouse, Zarinah Hassan 'Zari The Boss Lady' to deliver her daughter any time from now, the former husband to the lady, tycoon Ivan Ssemwanga is alleged to have impregnated a news anchor named Doreen Kumhangi, Ijumaa has captured.
let's join each other in Kampala city.
news from Kampala city, the capital city of Uganda allege that, Ivan and Doreen who is the anchor of the Morning Breeze program from Uganda's NBS television, have been seen glued to each other like leeches for several months now since last year.
dd "all the time Ivan is in Kampala he hangs out with Doreen.
severally they've been seen in different places while having fun.
even when Doreen goes to South Africa (Sauz) she's been received by Ivan who has another residence there hence making it theirs," alleged a source which is an entertainment affairs observer in Uganda.
Doreen releases a big secret.
it was alleged that, after all that fun, recently, Doreen disclosed a big secret that Ivan was responsible for her pregnancy, a matter that made the guy to panic.
it was said that, following Ivan's strong denial, there are claims that Doreen is imposing the pregnancy on him with the belief that people will agree with here since he's been with him during the period she got pregnant.
she wanted to revenge on Zari.
in their love, it was explained that, there was a time Ivan wanted to validate Doreen as his wife and it was not clear where the issue ended while behind here there being claims that he wanted to break her heart or revenge on Zari.
"I've never walked with Doreen therefore I'm not responsible with the pregnancy she has," said Ivan mid the other day when he was cornered by one newspaper in that country.
"what (Doreen) is saying isn't true, she wants to force the pregnancy on me," said that guy who bore three male children with Zari while he continued to oppose that issue on his social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
who is Doreen?
reports explained that, Doreen is a news anchor who reads news at the NBST morning program.
after being alleged to be with Ivan, Doreen was Zari's close ally and that they had worked together whereby a number of people had been saying she was the right alternative for Zari to that guy.
celebrations in Diamond's family.
while that continued at Ivan's, in Dar es Salaam City celebrations are expected to receive the guest in Diamond's family while it's explained that Zari will deliver any time from now.
