Professor Lipumba claims Maalim Seif is a traitor.
Rashid Mkwinda
explains the reasons for his resignation.
claims he once pursued Doctor Salim to contest in CUF and he refused.
at one time former chairman of the people's party CUF who wrote a resignation letter, Professor Ibrahimu Lipumba has come out and showed clearly that, he once pursued the former Secretary General of the OAU Doctor Salim Ahmed Salim to contest for the presidency of CUF but he refused because he was a faithful member of CCM.
Professor Lipumba made those statements, during a special interview that he did through the power breakfast programme which was being aired by radio clouds FM yesterday morning when he was explaining his reasons for writing a resignation letter and his intention to go back to that party.
he said that in the year 2005 immediately after CCM threw off Doctor Salim, he pursued him to contest for the presidency through CUF and that Doctor Salim refused saying he was a member of CCM and he can't leave that party and join CUF.
Professor Lipumba said that after being asked his reasons for continuing to be the chairman and that he has been contesting for the presidency without giving others in the party a chance, to which he answered that he has been making efforts to look for other people to contest for that position without success and that, party elders have been pressuring him to continue contesting for that position.
furthermore, professor Lipumba pointed out that his secretary general Maalim Seif Hamad has been betraying that party with the intention to kill it in the countryside and that was the exact reason why he decided to write a letter resigning from the chairmanship.
he said that Maalim Seif turned against him and made talks with CHADEMA concerning issues of the unity of the people's constitution without involving him, yet as chairman only he was supposed to be involved in those talks and reach agreements on the process leading to the 2015 general elections.
he showed clearly that what happened between him and Maalim Seif is a betrayal like it happened during the time of Mzee Aboud Jumbe in the year 1984 when as talks went on, one of the people made a betrayal where secrets of the meetings were taken to Mwalimu Nyerere finally Mzee Jumbe decided to resign.
"my secretary general turned against me, at the same time while I was attending meetings, he was doing unofficial meetings, there was sabotage and unfortunately or intentionally, he had talks with CHADEMA leaders, our CHADEMA colleagues used that opening to weaken us," he said
Professor Lipumba, who was being questioned by listeners through short message service and engaged in those questions by commentators, Masoud Ali 'Kipanya' and Barbara Hassan as they led that programme, said that the coming of Edward Lowassa is one of the reasons that made him write a resignation letter.
explaining reasons for his impatience and in that way being forced to write a resignation letter, he said that he was unable to persevere out of the fact that he would be forced to be a campaigner for Lowassa whereas, he openly knows, that contestant was covered with accusations of lacking ethical leadership values.
answering the question if there is proof of Lowassa's involvement in the accusations made against him that can take him to court, professor Lipumba answered that the late Mwalimu Nyerere already said in the past that this young man (Lowassa) has an unexplainable wealth, therefore, it was enough to see him as having accusations to answer on wealth.
even so, he said that he believes that he's still the legitimate chairman of CUF because there has been no meeting that sat to discuss his letter and accepted his resignation, and even so many people reached to ask him to return to his position.
"many people came to ask me to return and I decided to write a letter cancelling my resignation letter and I planned until the day of entering the office to start working, the secretary general wrote to me that I shouldn't return to the office until he had sought legal counsel from the party lawyers," he explained.
"paragraph 117 of the constitution says resignation will be complete, if the appointing authority accepts, the authority which appointed me never met until the general meeting, therefore, cancellation continued to make me continue being the chairman before decisions of the general meeting had been passed," he emphasized.
Professor Lipumba also said that he has no plans of starting any party or joining another party and that he can't allow Lowassa to enter into CUF and that the act of Maalim Seif refusing to shake hands with Doctor Shaine was a mistake and that it's not a civilized act.
furthermore, he made it clear that together with their political differences between him and Maalim Seif, they met with him in the Hindu Mandar hospital, where they met and shook hands even though he had chased Professor Lipumba from the party.
