the Prime Minister has fired the Director of Water Lindi
it is written by our author
published: 20 October 2016
our Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa has suspended the Director of Lindi Water Authority (Luwasa), engineer Adam Alexander for the mistake of misuse of office and failure to manage the construction of a water supply center in Lindi Municipality.
the prime minister has handed over the Director to the Lindi Regional Commissioner for the Prevention and Corruption Corruption (TAKUKURU) Stephen Chami, and has directed him to investigate the matter.
the Prime Minister issued the order yesterday when he visited the Ng'apa Water Project, where he ordered the position to be replaced by the Assistant Director of the Authority, engineer Idrisa Sengulo.
"Takukuru Commander has a thorough review of his salary.
he says he is being paid I know he is paid by Luwasa.
check out the work he went to do Dar es Salaam if it corresponds to the days he was staying," he emphasized the Prime Minister in a statement released by his press office yesterday.
the engineer is experiencing various accusation including misuse of office finances as well as receiving a salary without paying a Pay As You Earn (PAYE), paying a large amount of allowance as well as traveling for long.
the Prime Minister said the government could not endure seeing the citizens suffer from the fact that the executives were assigned to serve them, not appearing at their work centers.
"I have called him here until yesterday he was in Dar es Salaam," said Majaliwa.
when asked why he had not been in his office for a long time, the director said that he was in Dar es Salaam writing a financial application to resolve the various challenges facing the institution.
"how many days do you spend writing a proposal, a scholar you are using the whole month to write a proposal and staying in Dar es Salaam even your secretary does not know paying yourself allowances there!
again after being paid 120,000 shillings a day you pay yourself 150,000 shillings.
we cannot tolerate this situation," he said.
the Prime Minister finished his three-day visit to Lindi and returned to Dar es Salaam.
