the lack of great national plans causes small individual plans.
May 06th, 2015.
I have discussed for a long time now, the importance of a country to recognize, believe, value and respect itself so as to have nationalism attributes.
among the attributes that make a country a nation is together with having its culture that is recognized by the locals of the country and also visitors visiting or coming into the country through various ways.
I have given several examples indicating that not every country is a nation and it's not every nation that has a country.
additionally, I have given an opinion that even though we had started building nationalism in our country, we slipped somewhere and got off the line and until now we are struggling not knowing if we are a nation or not.
the reasons are known to some of us, but the predicament we have right now is the way to fight them.
the single big reason is the big leadership shortage amongst us.
when I talk of leadership, I don't mean just political leadership but also leadership in other important arenas inside the society.
for sure, leadership doesn't have to accompany the government authority.
in my own meaning, there are people who are not in the government at all, but are society leaders, whereas there are people with big authority but are not leaders in the least.
a leader is one who shows the way.
for this meaning, a leader goes before the others showing them where it is safe for them to go through or which way will get them to the place they want to go to.
many times, this is a route he has already investigated and studied and therefore understands it completely.
a leader can arise to lead the society in avoiding the disasters of diseases.
he can lead the society in innovating new methods of farming, breeding, business et cetera.
there are many ways of leadership that do not require a person to be in governance.
but there is also leadership that accompanies governance, and that is the leadership that many people know of but they wrong it.
a person who happens to be handed authority in the society but lags behind leaving those he should lead to go before him is not a leader, he will mostly be just an administrator, or an officer, or the office overseer.
leadership is more than an office.
by bad luck, for approximately 30 years, our country has had a leadership deficit especially in governance.
the country has been under governors who have no leadership vision.
saying this isn't despising those who found themselves in positions that were required to be of leadership, but they found themselves making them governance ones only.
saying so is admitting that our environment has really changed, and those we put in authority do not have enough recognition of how the environment changed and therefore they do not possess enough understanding of what to do in these environments that changed.
this situation would not have happened if our people (that is to say, ourselves) had enough understanding of what has happened, what has changed, how much has changed, how we have been affected by those changes and what we could be required to do to combat those changes.
every group of administrators that came to power has been coming in with various attractive sentiments with slogans invented in a hurry without deep reflections, and without involving the citizens in any meaningful reflection far from the fanatical happiness and excitement more and not thoughts.
we have heard and read about every slogan released by politicians who have not explained them in depth.
their different types of fans with objectives that are not clear have been repeating those sentiments until they strained, lost power and became heavy on the tongues.
who remembers "the new wish"?
and that is just one of the sayings.
because there is a leadership vacuum, it has been impossible to bring together Tanzanians to discuss and plan their future.
it has been impossible to even conduct an evaluation of whatever transpired in the life of our country.
it's like we start afresh every time, we don't have memories and let bygones be bygones.
the seventh section is found in people not believing in themselves and thinking that they will be viewed as incapable if they listen to other people's advice.
but the truth is that, it is people who have great capacity that are able to get, to take and to use advice.
people who don't believe in themselves can't be able to use advice, even where the advice is available without sweating.
I have no doubt in my intention that, the building of our future has no choice but to be planned.
if it is not planned for, then the country will get out of control, as it seems to be going.
this is because where there is no known plan, everyone does what they know and they can.
