published: Wed, Jun 1st, 2016
what makes you move from your environment?
if I don't understand what you are saying and understand what you mean, then every time, we will problems.
we won't be able to get a good platform of us together to meet and discuss challenges that we meet together, that confront us in our communication.
this is one of many challenges.
we don't understand each other, at other times language is really really hard
not only abroad, even here at home, people can speak until their color changes but there is no agreement.
and many times all these are as a result of individualism.
and individualism is a result of upbringing.
if it is your characteristic, upbringing will rub it in and give you a base and guideline of life to help you and to enable you to fight that self.
it's like religion in the society, one job that it has taken is the development of communal work, now everything you leave to the Almighty to help you and give you strength.
this system of helping you personally and you to be able to help the society has come from where and in what language that has been brought is foreign culture and our traditions.
in our original upbringing or those cultures and traditions of these sides, individualism is something that isn't in our upbringing.
humanity is something that was one of the pillars of the community.
we have come here to look for life.
many of us never understood language, culture, and traditions of this place or to understand the life here before coming, it has been explained to them by someone or people.
by bad luck or good, to be explained to is not like seeing and having a personal experience.
what makes you move from the environment you are used to and go to another far country and you don't understand culture or tradition, it's selfish.
here you meet a very different environment more than there where you came from, crops and until the weather is different.
the food, smell, the clothes they wear or how they wear them, northern Europe abroad is different.
when the cold season comes and the whole country is under ice, just keep wondering at how different the environment is and how the coldness hits you, there is no single day when you will be prepared for an environment like this.
first just how darkness covers like a mat this part of the world and continues in that condition until the third month from the month of 10.
two thirty is already dark and the day breaks at two thirty or nine o'clock in the morning.
it's nearly six hours only that you get the sunshine (if it will come out).
this condition continues starting the month of 10 until the third month.
after those months, the day breaks at four o'clock in the afternoon and for 17 hours and ends at nine o'clock at night until the tenth month.
don't think that, this comes once just like how you switch on and switch off light.
it comes step by step until at the peak which is the month of June 21 and 22 which is known as the middle of the hot season (midsummer).
slowly, after that darkness returns until the days of the sun become few and darkness rules to reach the peak of darkness whereby you get just a few hours of sunshine on December 12. December 21 or 22 and sunshine slowly returns until the peak again of June.
that is the condition of our lives here abroad.
northern Europe celebrates twelve days of the cold season.
those days are called "Julhelg" which are like four days among those we call Christmas.
culture and traditions of northern Europe in their homes they put a Christmas tree, Christmas flowers.
all this are as a result of their old culture and traditions before Christ and they included them in religion.
it was brought to us and we copied without knowing from whence it came.
we go to celebrate "Christmas" but they are cultures and traditions of Europe which were there before the Christian faith.
