the national election of ODM stirred up in Kasarani.
and Charles Wasonga.
a black cloud for politics covered the ODM party early this year, when its national election results in chaos which happened in the sports ground of Kasarani, Nairobi.
chaos started shortly after casting votes started, where a special member of parliament Isaac Mwaura when he climbs on top of a table to complain that his name does appear on ballot papers.
that member of parliament said that his name was suppose to be number six on that ballot paper but it was removed and his space was taken by Peter Ole Musei without special reason to be given either him to be consolidate.
he was vying for a special post for deputy secretary general in the camp of Budalangi member of parliament Ababu Namwamba (now the prime minister) who vying chair of secretary general in the Nation.
he claimed that there was a conspiracy to throw him out of the contest while saying the electoral board, the ODM party leader refused to hear his complaint.
and suddenly violence broke out when people dressed in black suits (who later were named "Men in Black") began kicking and breaking ballot boxes while turning down the tables and destroying other voting materials.
running off, the delegates who were in a line waiting for their turn to vote were forced to run while others sought refuge to prevent themselves from being harmed by chairs that were thrown in the air with those huge men.
the free movie took place before Mister Odinga and other invited guests including his fellow party leader of Cord Mister Kalonzo Musyoka.
several minutes before Mwaura submitted his complaints, the member of parliament for Dagoretti North Simba Arati was harshly criticized when he was given a chance to speak.
Mister Arati, a close associate of Mister Odinga, was vying for a part leader position against Mister Odinga, a situation which seemed to displease some of the die-hard followers of the former Prime Minister in the past regime.
the criticism towards Arati suggests that the situation was not calm in the event and such a fate would have followed all those who were thought to be in support of the wing that did not seem to be favorable to Mister Odinga.
the plot and that's why after the violence broke out, rumors has it that Mister Odinga was well acquainted with the "Men In Black" plot because some of them have been seen to give him protection at his political meetings.
it was reported that those thugs were hired to disrupt that exercise if the side that Odinga supported was seen to be losing.
all the signs indicated the group for Namwamba and Mombasa Governor Hassan Joho would have floored that of nominated Senator Agnes Zani with Homa Bay Senator the late Otieno Kajwang'.
during the campaigns analysts said that Odinga was supporting Doctor Zani camp who was vying for the secretary general position.
this is due to the step for the supporters of the site, Mathalan, the late Kajwang' said that Ababu was bark and black (Mole) and the ruling party Jubilee.
campaign was thought for Jubilee was the one sponsoring Namwamba campaign, where he use helicopter to move around all over the strong hold for ODM looking for votes.
ODM has established a committee to investigate those chaos while police also have started their parallel investigations.
the results for that investigation were not released to the public up to now the root of those who participated in that act of shame has not been known.
later Mister Odinga started a plan to bring together those two parties by selecting Namwamba and Zani to be the secretary general of the party.
finally, in November he appointed new leaders of the party with Namwamba as the secretary general and Doctor Zani as one of his assistants, another was nominated Senator Miss Elizabeth Ongoro.
