183 billions
183/- for special tickets could have bought one Airbus.
November 25, 2015 Raia Mwema in Entertainment and Sports
in the early nineties our country hosted the Iranian president Rafsanjani during his visit.
after being shown around several places of our country, on the day to leave, president Rafsanjan met the media at the airport.
it is normal for journalists to ask, but the most surprising thing that day was when Rafsanjan asked journalists to explain to him why Tanzania is poor while it has so much resources which he himself has seen with his own eyes.
and honestly, if I were there when the question was asked, I could have stretched a finger and said, "your Excellency president, Tanzania has everything, the problem is Tanzanians!" why?
see this example of our neighboring country the Democratic Republic of Congo.
according to The Africa Report magazine, 183 billion shillings for tickets for the elect which president Doctor John Magufuli told Tanzanians that they have been used to buy tickets to travel out of country could have been used to buy one big plane, an Airbus and some change would remain.
according to Africa Report magazine, the 74th issue of October 2015, which I have read, has news on the 56th page that the government of president Joseph Kabila has bought from the airplane company that went bankrupt, Alitalia in Italy one of its big planes, and Airbus A320 at a cost of 50 million American dollars.
the money that our elect have used for tickets to travel out is 183 billion, equivalent to almost 84.1 million American dollars!
yes, Tanzania has everything the problem is Tanzanians! we see that in our country most local problems are contributed by some of those whom we guaranteed leadership lacking patriotic hearts.
they are people who put personal interest first.
this situation has lead to most Tanzanians giving up.
there is a time I received a letter from a Tanzanian who lives in Germany.
this letter really touched me.
I will refer to this letter by putting here the introduction of the relevant letter, then I will say mine.
I quote the author of the letter,
"hello!
my brother Mjengwa,
since my understanding of this rottenness of the Tanzanian government I have been crying everyday although it is hard for tears to come out from a grown-up.
I am hopeful this problems will one day end but I now see myself losing hope.
there is nothing better and as days go by is when corruption grows and the corrupt get born.
I ask myself, is there an end to this? or what am I supposed to do to stop crying? I am in Germany but I am ashamed when I am asked where I come from?" end of quote.
first of all, the author of the letter and all of us are not supposed to see this in the governments image only.
it concerns our actions and our responsibility as citizens who were born in this country.
in his speech to open the 11th parliament, President John Magufuli, apart from other things he mentioned that Tanzania is a rich country.
I also believe that our country is very rich but its people are very poor.
very few are the ones benefiting from the riches of our country.
and we are not supposed to leave that thing continue.
there are our children in Songo Songo whose parents do not have the ability to educate them while where they live there are investors who harvest our gas and make themselves huge profits, and by evading tax.
and there contract for harvesting gas? it is 25 years! a whole quarter a century.
our fellow Tanzanians who participated in this corrupt contracts may not be in the world after the quarter century of the investors extracting and clean out our natural gas.
we have left our resources to be managed by some of our fellow Tanzanians who have the characteristics of a fox.
they are selfish people and lack sympathy on their fellow Tanzanians.
that is why we have been hearing of successive scandals: Rada, Richmond, IPTL, EPA, Eskrow, Meremeta and many others.
they are scandals that make a few to shine while others deteriorate into a pit of poverty.
yes, its base is political discrimination that comes from selfishness and greed for wealth among those whom we sponsored to make big decisions on our behalf.
it is a state of the ones we guaranteed leadership to lose particles of patriotism, love for their country.
they are people who value their interest and of those around them.
they are ready to even use Mafia tactics to meet their objectives.
