who and who have secret accounts outside and why?
June 28, 2012
among friends whom I'll never leave, is lawyer Enrico Monfrini.
this is not just a skillful lawyer, but he is also a hunter.
his work is to trace stolen money especially by dictatorial leaders and kept in secret accounts outside their countries.
I came to be acquainted with Monfrini in the year 1999 when he got employed by the Nigerian government, to search for and reveal the funds that General Sani Abacha had transferred and hidden in foreign banks.
I was introduced to him by my one big and best Nigerian friend, who had met with Monfrini late in the night in Geneva town and requested him to help Nigeria find out the 'looting' by Abacha.
Abacha who died on June the year 1998 had two major attributes: first, he was a dictator and second, he was one of the richest tycoons in Africa.
but he got his wealth through illegal means in the 1990's when he was Nigeria's military ruler.
Abacha was quick to embezzle from the treasury of Nigeria and steal from his fellow Nigerians.
even though people knew he had the wealth, no one exactly knew how much money he had and where he kept them.
hence immediately after Abacha died, the Nigerian government approached Monfrini to help it search and recover the funds to the government treasury of Nigeria.
I am very lucky to know and plan friendship with Monfrini who now is aged 67 years.
he is gentle, methodical, humorous and is not someone with the selfishness of hiding from his friend concerning what he knows.
it is his hospitality that attracted me to him and it indeed helped me when I was writing various articles about Sani Abacha's theft and how Monfrini managed to search for approximately two billion US dollars hid by Abacha in foreign accounts.
out of that, Monfrini has until now helped recover one point three billion dollars to Nigeria's treasury.
Monfrini has also been attending to financial reserves and other resources of 'Baby Doc' Duvalier, former Haiti ruler who has been accused of corruption and extravagance when he was in leadership in the years of 1970 to 1980.
at the moment, Monfrini has been employed by the new Tunisian government to trace the wealth of the toppled President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali together with that of his wife Leila Trabelsi and their relatives.
it is estimated that the value of their money and other wealth isn't less than billions of American dollars.
until now, Monfrini has succeeded in finding the money less one hundred million American dollars.
but he is still proceeding with his investigation and he says that he is confident of revealing much more.
the biggest problem that Monfrini is getting is the lack of genuine cooperation from banks and even some governments of the western countries, in taking the 'dirty' money of the corrupt and returning them to the treasury of the concerned country.
I know the challenge that Monfrini was going through when he wanted the British government to assist him.
he has been going to London for a period of approximately six years, knocking at the offices of the concerned executives requesting them to assist him.
welcoming and listening to him in a civilized manner, but mostly leaving with nothing.
when lucky, he could be given reports that had no value to his investigation.
the French government on its side remained silent and did not hand him even a single document to help in his endeavors.
one time Monfrini went to Luxembourg believing that Abacha had hid money of the sum of 30 million dollars there.
when he started doing his investigations he came to realize that the amount of money Abacha had in Luxembourg is more than 30 million dollars, he had 650 million dollars.
out of that, 400 million dollars are still remaining in Luxembourg.
Monfrini in his investigation has realized that Abacha had hidden around 221 million dollars in three accounts that are in the banks, in the country of Liechtenstein in Central Europe.
the case of requiring those funds to be returned to Nigeria has been going on for a period of 12 years, and even after the court ordered that those funds be returned to Nigeria, they were still in those accounts.
all these demonstrate the hypocrisy of the government and financial institutions of the western countries that claim to fight against corruption while helping corrupt individuals hide the fruits of their corruption in banks of those same countries of the West.
western nations are daring to continue being an obstacle to fighting corruption despite those United Nations Convention Against Corruption (UNCAC) that became operational in December 2005.
countries that acknowledged those conventions and appended their signatures are required to have legal frameworks that will be in a position to identify and forbid corruption and also provide international cooperation guidelines that will make it possible for funds stolen and deposited in foreign banks to be refunded back.
unfortunately, these anti-corruption laws are weak in many countries and that weakness is what enables the corrupt people to transfer the stolen funds to foreign banks.
that weakness also enables them undertake in money laundry and use it to buy mansions or in business in foreign countries.
the report that was released last week by the Central Bank of Switzerland (SNB) that clearly showed that residents of East Africa have funds reaching one point three billion dollars in secret accounts in the banks of that country was not surprising.
what we didn't know was the amount of those funds and the owner.
and until now no one knows how those colleagues have gotten all that money and why they decided to deposit them in secret accounts in diaspora banks.
according to that SNB's report, the owners of those accounts from Kenya have surpassed their fellow counterparts from the other countries in this region.
they have a total of 857 million dollars, followed by their Tanzanian counterparts with 178 million dollars, the Ugandans have 159 million dollars, the Rwandese with 29.7 million dollars and the Burundians with 16.7 million dollars.
SNB did not say that the funds were generated through corrupt ways but that is what many people believe.
the question being asked is, why are those people depositing the funds in secret accounts?
we know according to the information we are receiving that is that the Tanzanians with those secret accounts are politicians and businesspersons.
the politicians who are purported to have those accounts are veterans in Tanzanian politics.
it is purported that the owners of those accounts are not the ones who deposited those funds in the bank.
and if not them then who deposited on their behalf and with what reasons?
according to the African Union (AU) every year, African countries are losing more than 150 billion dollars, about 25 percent of their country's total revenue as a result of bribery and corruption.
that amount is enormous and its effect is to make products sold in Africa escalate in their prices by approximately 20 percent.
moreover, that corruption scares away those anticipating to invest in Africa and therefore hampering development and making many Africans to languish in poverty.
most of that money that denies African countries the opportunity to overcome poverty are lying in Swiss banks, a country whose rules and regulations concerning banking activities safeguard the corrupt individuals and the monies they acquire through unlawful ways.
in my own understanding, many African politicians who are known they have or had secret accounts in the Swiss banks are those, that come from countries that mine and sell oil or minerals.
that is why their list has names of President Jose Eduardo Dos Santos of Angola, Dennis Sassou-Nguesso of Congo-Brazzaville and Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea.
heads of Elf Aquitaine Oil Company have confessed that they have been depositing for the former President of Gabon Omar Bongo, 50 million dollars every year to one of his secret bank accounts in Switzerland.
those payments were a bribe to Bongo for giving that company the license to mine oil in Gabon.
the government of Switzerland did not say anything about, that and as it appears is that Gabon will not succeed in recovering those funds that will help the country to fight with challenges of bringing development.
it maybe also be a challenge to the government of Gabon to criticize Omar Bongo because the government currently being run by President Ali Bongo, who is his son.
it is estimated that, Swiss banks have 35 percent of all the savings deposited in the banks of the world.
that is a very huge sum of money.
among the owners of those accounts are: presidents, prime ministers, legitimate traders, thugs and drug traffickers.
the rules and regulations that allow banks of that country to run their activities in secrecy are troubling even the big nations like America and Britain that try to bar funds acquired through unlawful ways or that are used in illegal activities such as terrorism from entering the banking system.
the greatest victims from these activities of the Swiss banks are countries like ours that lack clean water, adequate schools, required facilities in our hospitals, accessible roads, electricity and agricultural development techniques.
the funds that could have helped to rescue our countries from these challenges have been stolen and deposited in Swiss banks.
the Tanzanian government is responsible for taking legal action and with urgency so that we are able to know it's the likes of who deposited funds in those secret accounts and for what reasons.
we must identify those individuals as enemies of the country and if there is evidence for that, then strict legal action to be taken against them.
