leaders in the council of Mwanza, Ilemela exchange muscles
March 27, 2013
while the Mwanza city council and Ilemela municipal were in the tug-of-war of who has the right to own the construction project of the modern Mwanza market (Mwanza Commercial Complex), which begun before the councils were divided, right now the conflict is said to have been influenced more by personal interest than the public interest.
the project of building that source of livelihood is run in partnership between the city council before the city was divided on one side and the pension funds for civil servants (LAPF).
the project is being put up in Ghana region in Nyamanoro division within the borders of Ilemela municipal.
since the Mwanza city municipal was divided to give birth to the city council and the Ilemela municipal council, there has been tug-of-war that involves development projects, including Mwaloni Kirumba international market and building of the new town Muhonze, all in the borders of Ilemela municipal council, for Mwanza city council wanting to own and govern it.
the conflict on who is supposed to own the Mwanza Commercial Complex came up again at the end of last week in the meeting of the advisory committee of Mwanza province (RCC), which among other things, a report about that project was supposed to be given.
moreover, a representative of the director of Mwanza city council, Francis Mkabenga, when he wanted to read the report in that meeting he met opposition from the mayor of Ilemela municipal council, Henry Matata, who gave information to the head of province, Evarist Ndikillo, who was the chairman of that meeting saying that Mwanza city council is not allowed to head that project because it does not have legal rights.
"honorable chairman, these ones (Mwanza city council) are not allowed to give this information because they don't have jurisdiction to head that project and you are not supposed to support breaking of the law, therefore I request that the information should not be given... if they want us to cooperate they should write a letter to us requesting us to partner in the project or we don't read the information,"
moreover, the head of province, Ndikillo explained that together with the fact that those councils have been divided, but still construction projects are read and to recognize city councils.
moreover, he said the money for Ilemela municipal council from the account goes through the city, therefore they should wait until July this year when they will start being independent on everything, and then things shall be put in order.
Ndikillo's point made mayor Matata stand again and insist that the law of local governments of the year 1982 is clear about that issue, therefore Mwanza city council has no authority to keep managing that project.
after mayor Matata gave that point, Nyamangana's representative, Hezekiah Wenje also stood to counter him with explanations that them as the city council have had good agreements with Ilemela, and more so they have been working as brothers and therefore there is no point of distrusting each other.
"we have been working as brothers, even when our fellows peers isolated themselves, we helped them by all means to build their municipal including even giving the cooking pots to start life with, so where does this mistrust come from?" questioned Wenje.
however, Ilemela member of parliament Highness Kiwia, disputed his fellow member of parliament saying that Mwanza city council have not been honest in everything they agree on giving examples of agreements they reached about projects with doubts to be made a union committee before implementation but all those projects, including the the market and the disagreement that came up in the attempt to move Mwaloni market to Kirumba in the city council when it was in the borders of Ilemela municipal council.
"brother chairman, until now Ilemela municipal council does not know what is going on in this project.
we don't even know the construction contract.
how can you say the contribution of the council in this project is land that came from Ilemela, our peers dominate everything... there is great betrayal from the city council," said Kiwia.
on his side, Buchosa member of parliament who is also the deputy minister for transport, Charles Tizeba, advised that the report be read with an aim of just giving information so that other members of parliament from other councils get an opportunity to know what is going on about that project, but he requested that the report should not be discussed until when the two sides meet to solve that dispute.
both sides agreed with that opinion, and the report was read without discussion.
