everyone's right to life should be respected.
the right to life as clarified in the constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania of the year 1977.
this is one of the basic things which are supposed to be respected by everyone.
this right relates to God's creation as explained in the holy books.
in short, human beings are the ones who put the authority principles in the world.
section 8 (1), has been clearly clarified that the United Republic of Tanzania is a country that follows democracy principles and societal rights and therefore, (a), the citizens are the principles of all authority and the government will get all its governance and authority from the citizens in accordance to the constitution, (b), the main objective of the government will be the welfare of the citizens and (c), the government will be accountable to the citizens.
I have started with a few sections of the constitution which gives rights and accountability to the citizens and the leaders who vow to protect it, so as to build the basis of my analysis.
recently, there were incidents where seven corpses tied in sacks were collected from River Ruvu, which aroused many questions with a need for answers as this was not normal.
they are disturbing because the statement by the Minister for Internal Affairs Migulu Nchemba earlier said that they were illegal immigrants, while the statement by the Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa, later on, asked for investigations to be done quickly.
the order concerns the minister who had already given an answer without investigation, what should we expect?
their answers are doubtful because, it is not possible to give simple answers to heavy issues involving people's lives.
apart from those killings, reports were made about the killings of people inside the Serengeti National Park who are suspected to have entered for the purpose of poaching.
those are incidents where some of the witnesses came out to talk of but comprehensive investigation has not been done.
the government's silence against such incidents makes citizens who have put it in power to lose faith with some of the actors, because a person's life is fundamental and should be accorded its weight.
if a human being's first right is to life, how is it possible for murder incidents not to be accorded weight by the government as they do when elephants and rhinos die?
such conditions are the ones that truly give the interpretation that citizens are the principle of all authority!
we witnessed when the rhino George famous as JK's rhino was killed, there was a big operation that cost two peoples' lives and others injured who were involved or not involved in those killings and the government stayed silent about the incidents.
the rhino John's issue has emerged, a huge expenditure is being utilized to follow up on including conducting a DNA on the bones, so as to attach it to his horns to verify if he is indeed the one who died, but human killings who by have elected them by principle are not given the same weight.
there are many incidents of citizens being killed by elephants which invade farms and human settlements, when they happen, you might not see any government leader arriving at the incident area but if an elephant is killed, the area is not enough because some arrive even in helicopters to search for the killers.
for whom are we conserving these animals if those supposed to benefit from their fruits are being killed and the government ends up giving just sentiments while it is officially silent?
it should remember that its silence when that issue is bearing orphans and widows who at times are forced to bear the burden through different programs like Tasaf is not right.
you will hear government leaders saying they do not want to borrow or beg from outside, but they are not dealing with the difficulties causing the existence of the groups that need aid.
the fifth term government distinguished itself to speak for the poor, well and good but which poor are these if people are killed by animals and complain being killed inside the national park and it doesn't focus its energy to determine the truth, now which vulnerable are they speaking for?
I beg to be understood clearly that I am not supporting people who are sabotage public property like poaching, but that doesn't take away the fundamental legal right.
they are required to be heard and the law to take its course, otherwise those meeting punishment against others outside the court are violating the law and human rights.
also, I am not happy with the way the government uses a lot of force when an elephant or rhino is killed, but doesn't use the same force when a human being is killed.
it is good for government actors given the good will by the citizens to accord special weight to the right to live issue by ensuring its protection.
strict measures should be taken for those violating it because their existence results from the citizens.
Antony Mayunga is a writer for Citizen, 0787239480.
