meet with Prezzo's circus to the beauties!
Jackson Ngechu Makini 'CMB Prezzo' was born on Wednesday January 09, the year 1980.
he's a Kenyan legendary rapper who was one of the stars who represented their countries in the Big Brother Africa 'StarGame', 2012 competition.
if you didn't know, the guy was born in Nairobi 33 years ago, he lived a neighborhood life in the Eastleigh area and he'll be one of the best musicians who'll give an exciting entertainment at the 2013 Hope Festival, which will close the Dar es Salaam neighborhood and its outskirts at the National Stadium on July 7 this year.
Prezzo is a big musician, who started to 'hustle' in music for many years, he became famous in the first years of 21st century.
together with facing many obstacles, the star came to shine after his songs were accepted by thousands of his fans who were listening, requesting them in various radio stations and televisions while attending his open concerts and clubs.
his first album is Naleta Action which he released in 2004 with popular songs like Naleta Action, Let's Get Down, Mahangaiko, Leo ni Leo, Mimi na Wewe, Mafans among other hit songs.
in that album, the guy featured his mother who sang several lines in one of his songs.
the album sold several copies and made Prezzo believe that he had accepted East Africa as a result of his type of emotional songs.
Prezzo is known because of his expensive life style that he loves for example wearing expensive chains, clothes, vehicles among other expensive things.
later adult person Prezzo was included in the song 'Tazama Mbele' of his once lover of that period which was produced by Ennovator of Samawati productions while the video was managed by Tedd Josiah.
that song performed well by being position one for eight weeks in various East African radio and television stations.
in 2006, Prezzo released a new Prezzo single in which his video was managed by Ted Josiah of Blu Zebra.
the video was good but it was criticized with allegations that it was produced at a very costly fee of 500,000 Kenya shillings.
there was no video which had spent that amount of money during that period.
there passed a little silence, as he continued to hit all shows inside and outside of East Africa, Nigeria, and Europe.
he later continued with the pattern of releasing one song after another like Liqher, My City My town, Unataka Nini, 4sho 4shizzy in which he featured Ulopa, Nipe Nikupe featuring AY and Celebration of life which he recently released featuring Chess.
Big Brother Africa 'StarGame' 2012 Prezzo joined the competition of BBA 'StarGame' 2012 after seeing that it was something that would give him many challenges in life.
apart from desiring money, he wanted to be seen in big television stations in Africa for 24 hours and seven days for he is someone who likes to be seen that he is 'attention'.
he says, he loves watching television and movies like Scarface and the people he aspires to be like in that industry are Al Pacino and Mos Def of the river.
he eats everything apart from a stool.
the book he loves is 48 Laws of Power.
he wants to become like Obama who loves Kenya is Nairobi it does matter whether is North or South as long as home is home.
he wishes to be like President Barack Obama of America because he believes in himself and he can do what was impossible to become possible because of influence he has.
the love life in romantic matters CMB Prezzo has become a topic of discussion during his celebrity period and many other things have been said.
Prezzo and Sheila, if we leave his early days as a baby of babies, Prezzo turned to be a topic of discussion after he emerged with a beautiful lady from Kenya, Sheila Mwanyigha 'Nikki'.
it is true that the two have been together for long while going 'out' and in various activities using a convoy of expensive vehicles such as Limousine like president.
there was a time it was explained that he was the first musician to use a helicopter in East Africa while some said the helicopter was his mother's.
in addition to being with Nikki for a long time, suddenly there was silence while allegations emerged that he married secretly.
however, when he was announced that he is going to BBA, news emerged that he has another wife by the name Huddah Monroe 'The Lady Boss' who represented Kenya in BBA this year before she was removed in the first week while Prezzo and Goldie were at construction in BBA, Prezzo was alleged to have a love affair with a participant from Nigeria, musician Goldie who was unconscious few days after the completion of the competition while there was a news that the two are planning to have a 'big' wedding.
Prezzo, Diva and The Boss Lady, a few days after Goldie had died, Prezzo partied in Bongo because he is a friend to the likes of Ambwene Yessayah 'AY' and then there emerged claims that, he fell in love with Loveness Malinzi 'Diva' of Clouds FM.
there ware a lot of stories, Diva got kicked from news agencies in East Africa and other places.
while that was going on, recently there emerged another drama.
this time The Lady Boss came out alleging that Diva had snatched her love hence proving that in addition to old age, Prezzo was favorited by ladies!
