women in Japan quit love?
November 28, 2016
women in Japan quit love?
when Ayumi Saito separated with his boyfriend she was aged 22.
but the Tokyo resident found an alternative and easy means to fill the emptiness left by her lover.
she downloaded a game related to love on her phone and to became part of millions of women in that country who have decided to change their actual love lives into dreams.
"I was lonely," says Saito, who is now 31 years old.
"Japanese men are shy and are not good in giving women complements.
but girls want to hear the words 'I love you'.
male friends she found on games such as "Metro PD: Close To You" - which shows a female investigator finding love that completely changes her life while she struggles with robbery - they did everything her former boyfriend never did.
"when I am tired at the end of the day before I sleep, I was relieved hearing his tender and sweet voice," she told American press agency CNN.
Saito is not a different person.
in the year 2014, the sector of love games in Japan was worth 130 million American dollars.
in a community in which 44.2 percent of women - almost half of those without partners having an age between 18 and 34 years are still virgins, this sector appears to have gone into deep desire of these people in Japan.
the birth of love games
the love games started emerging in Japan in 1980.
identified by the name "bishoujo" mostly they have had a male main character chasing after a beautiful female character.
in the year 1994, a team of female experts in computer languages from gaming company, Koei broke the tradition that was used to and started the first female love game, "Angelique".
the game which involves a young girl who is expected to be "the princess of the world" choosing her right lover, was so successful.
business lady Nanako Higashi and her husband, Yuzi Tsutani saw an opportunity in this largely profitable business.
Japan is the second largest market for cell phone games in the world, with a value of 6.5 billion American dollars, according to Global Games Market Report magazine.
between the year 2000 the two started a gaming business, Voltage, for the sake of women.
"almost all women have depression," says Higashi.
"we wanted to give them something."
that came to be a perfect business strategy.
today Voltage leads in the world in love games for women.
