this partnership became sustainable
of course, every good Citizen of our country has been fascinated by the news published in this newspaper yesterday that political parties forming the Union of the People's Constitution, have decided to collaborate in the 2015 Elections by nominating one candidate in the presidency, parliament and the district positions.
the heads of the parties have already agreed to start the process and have drafted proposals and submitted them to their party's secretariat for analysis.
we see this action of the parties that create partnerships as an important step of increasing power in order to enhance competition which is important in the political future of our country and thus supporting other economic and social spheres.
since the release of free politics almost 22 years now, the country has not yet witnessed a genuine competition that can make rulers more accountable to the people in view of the risk of being removed from power by opposition parties.
this is based on parties competitive in politics being encountered by conflicts that have been divisive and thus becoming increasingly vulnerable to elections and thus defeated by the ruling party and its result has been a lot of desperate citizens resulting in a decline in voter participation in the polls year by year due to the lack of competitiveness of competitive politics.
perhaps that is why the citizens have suggested that the Constitutional Change Commission that the parties may be allowed to connect power during elections because they have seen the power of competitive parties, and the rulers will continue to lead in practice and the results are citizens to continue their poverty and see the freedom of the political parties does not help to improve their lives.
it is not our intention to see the ruling party removed from power by competing parties, but what we want to see with a genuine competition, the attention of the truth which, for any nation, is a healthy for the nation as it adds accountability to the rulers.
there is no argument that a strong opposition, pushes the government to work and to serve the citizens by recognizing that if it does a sloppy job it will be removed from power by the shadow government which is the political parties.
opposition agencies fear the state's shadow and weaken the development and stop the hopes of citizens wanting to see government accountability since it is a leaven to promote non-democratic and non-democratic governance in the citizens.
that is why we congratulate East African Community leaders for recognizing the importance of integrating forces into one to put real competition in the political context we have.
what we can advise on the East African Community leaders is to be careful and eliminate distinguishing differences.
the East African Community should not expect that everything will be easy since the major rules that have been violating the opposition activities have not yet been deleted.
it is our hope that the government and the ruling party will adopt the East African Community process as a challenge to maximize efficiency in serving the citizens and not begin to create hatred and seek ways to stop it.
