leaders are contemplating before making a decision
the criteria of good leadership are many and cannot be counted with the fingers.
but some of those criteria are fundamental and if one of them has a shortcoming, the reputation of a better leadership that is just and legal, staggers, breaks down or completely disintegrate.
among the important criteria of good leadership is to have a system of leadership and a judicial process that is known without controversy and not one that changes like the weather condition at the Indian Ocean.
when there is a doubt which eventually leads to a person's ignorance of the future or the release of an advertisement from now on, this is unacceptable, then the good governance becomes increasingly unfounded and unreasonable.
nowadays in the country, even weather forecasters cannot predict when the sun goes down in the evening and rise tomorrow morning, what incident will transpire!
we recently experienced police force in the country developing many coastal areas and its centers by installing investment centers.
businesspersons who wanted to use those areas were invited and many showed up to be given those sections and eventually a couple of them were given and they abandoned the contracts that were exploiting them.
immediately after the workers were given those sections, they did great transformation including installing various equipment such as air conditioners that are needed for their businesses.
however, we are suddenly getting news that the giving out of those sections to private businesspersons results in insecurity.
Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs, Yusuf Masauni arrived in Zanzibar and demanded that the shops which were given to businesspersons in various areas close to the police stations to be taken back and be refunded their monies for rent.
there emerge many issues, but the most important is that security of the nation being addressed here, why was it not seen the whole time and even when it was decided to be allocated to private traders to undertake their ventures?
another issue that needs to be addressed here is that there are contract agreements for renting the shops and because the contract is being terminated, will there be payments to compensate for that decision that disregards the contracts? and who will decide the amount of cash compensated?
requiring these businesspersons to close down the shops and take out their commodities is not just because many do not have a place to keep them.
it should also be remembered that most of them used millions of shillings to construct those shops and majority were given the fields and used millions of shillings on construction.
refunding these traders money for rent alone is being unfair to them.
those shops are now packed with commodities including those bought on credit.
will the police force buy those products by considering that when these individuals are chased away they don't have an alternative place to sell them.
some of the traders who are supposed to be evacuated are those who had been expelled from the Darajani region of Unguja last year and encountered losses of millions of shillings.
now while settling after getting an alternative place to continue with their lives, they are told, "move out immediately!"
surely, if this is not abuse, then what is it?
the Ministry of Internal affairs should seriously consider its point of wanting to oust businessmen whom it welcomed and suddenly it wants them displaced claiming that they are not required in those sections.
this action causes people to build up a notion that our laws exist in name only and that those deals can be reversed at any time by those wielding power and authority.
this is not a good system of governance and it gives confidence to those who recently joined to argue that nowadays the government makes a decision without regard to the law and the circumstances of life of its people.
when an order is given to break the house, they no longer have patience to care about those with small children.
furthermore, this trend discourages investors as they will always not be sure if after spending a lot of money to put up a project they maybe told at any time to close up their stakes and leave immediately.
other times you hear that such move was considered as they lacked patriotism or their presence would endanger national security.
sometimes such a decision is not exactly the order of the government directly, but it comes from an individual leader and who do so for reasons known to him.
it is good to build a culture that assures safety to entrepreneur's money that he has invested and not have a system whereby investors seem to guess and that there is no guarantee for the security of their money.
if we do not cease this trend of haphazardness and orders we will find ourselves requiring local and foreign businessmen to invest, but no one will respond to our call because there is no guarantee of financial security.
we must have a system of law that is clear and that cannot be set aside or turned upside down by orders from the leaders on grounds of national security or public interests.
good governance is not managed by orders or instructions from leaders.
this is not an era of a leader waking up one morning to say, "from today this and that ban is legitimate."
leaders are required to abide by the existing law and not legislate what they see appropriate for our country.
if we have a law that we see has a weakness to be amended or if we want to formulate a new law then it is the work of Parliament and the House of Representatives and not the leader.
these days, even kings and sultans have abandoned the dictatorial style of leadership.
many of them nowadays use the legislative bodies whose representatives have been chosen by the people in one way or another.
this is because it is acceptable and there is no dispute that it's the public that dictates how the country is to be rule and that is why they are called citizens, implying those who own the country.
leaders are just workers for citizens who carry out those things that they (citizens or the country) want done at that time and in future.
in the event of an authoritative leader who uses powers that interests him is labeled a dictator, that is one who gives orders and demand it implemented as does a school teacher during a dictation class.
students just write what is being pronounced by the teacher and they do not have a right to ask a question or hesitate.
this is what led to this kind of leadership and no matter the type of cosmetics used on it for it to be attractive, it is still called dictatorial governance.
we do mistakes and we should accept by correcting and having a system of governance that is open, proactive and judicial and not leaders who every day chatter on this and that or give orders to this or the other to be dealt with because he is not "our colleague."
let us allow the laws that we formulated to do its work and those who violate them be legally dealt with by those mandated with the responsibility of implementing the various laws that we instituted in our country.
among institutions that society expects to be at the forefront to ensure that it does things legally and not to be lead by orders, as we have in the police force parade.
email: barasteki@gmail.
com
