his innovation is an answer to agriculture.
by Benardine Mutanu
technology has been his characteristic since the time he was an engineering student at the University of Nairobi until now.
the work of Antony Mwangi of coming up with and innovating by using modern technology has put him on the map of reputable designers in the country.
just recently, it will be possible to roast meat by using remote light (remote) through his amazing inauguration.
Mister Mwangi who is 26 years old, graduated from the University of Nairobi (UoN) with an engineering degree last year and before graduating already he had got enough fame.
he was among the youth who had attended the global innovation forum (GES) last year.
he was chosen to be among the youth who attended that meeting because of his amazing innovation.
when he was first mentioned by the media in the year 2014, Mister Mwangi had designed six major technological projects.
he started by trying phone technology (GSM) and while a second-year student at that university, he had created a system that enables a user to switch off or switch on electrical equipment anywhere in the world.
that system also can be used to switch on alarms, for example at home, in the car or protected areas if those areas will be entered into, he explained during an interview recently.
by using that system, he was able to create a way of sprinkling water on plants without a farmer's presence, a project he did for a company known as Sunculture.
he didn't stop there, that old UoN student right now is created a system of preparing roast meat remotely.
he provides training to students of secondary schools concerning how to make electronic items like machines that work instead of humans (robot).
he attended the Embu education day where he provided training yesterday after receiving more invitations, that he has shown his skill in various areas including the University of Nairobi, Kenya Power Company, and national agricultural shows.
"in Kenya, there is no such training for students.
but we have started to provide that training in order to strengthen technological ability in the country.
we want to train students so that they can have the ability to make items that can help the community in a creative way," he explained during the interview.
students are given real electronics training and how to make those items, "I remember former education minister Professor Kaimenyi praised that kind of training when I attended the Embu shows," explained Mister Mwangi.
according to him, students should be taught electronics and computer programs when they are still young so that they grow knowing how to make items.
"if that will happen, we will have the technological ability and there will be no need to import items from outside countries," he explained.
already, he has provided training to Lenana secondary school students, Nairobi and he continues to provide training to students of Moi forces academy secondary education.
he started the company, K-Technics that makes electronic prototypes, programs, and innovative items.
that company also has an online shop that provides components for making electronic items.
"usually we sell raw materials of accomplishing electronics projects and the skill of those projects to students, self-driving items and to make digital boards," explained Mister Mwangi.
although of young age, Mister Mwangi is an employer and usually, he provides casual work now and then.
he moved from Ngara, where he had offices earlier and opened his shop in the City of Nairobi.
he has been getting tenders to create and accomplish projects from different companies.
the GES meeting helped him much to get partners in major companies like Equity bank, the information, communication, and technology board, Lenana school and various managers at the county level.
"the Kenya power company has helped me much because they gave me a chance, to show my creativity in their tent any time there are national shows (ASK)".
he made a demonstration to that company concerning how to protect transformers, and pleased the management which decided to give him a chance that he would be doing shows in their tent.
to him, technological creativity is the only way of strengthening development in the country.
in the next two years, he intends to change the face of this nation technologically by providing training to more students and all who need to get scientific and electronics training.
