Mugabe, his companions are a big bother Africa.
how can someone rule a country for three decades, hit the age of 90 and still prepare plans to contest for the presidency by 2018 when he has 94 years?
even though he who gives and takes life is God, I am not sure if I say that of Mugabe is a plan to die in power, history is written that old age separated him from the country.
a recent incident whereby the party of Zanu-PF appointed President Mugabe to contest for the presidency in the coming four years, is proof that he has no intention of retiring, to see Zimbabwe being led by someone else.
and as if to remind those desiring to succeed him, it is treason to do that, Mugabe sacked Vice President Joice Mujuru.
Missus Mujuru was believed to be among very famous people in that country, who were expected to take the reins of power when old Mugabe follows the way of answering a greeting.
not only that!
others who are stalking the leadership of Zanu-PF in order to succeed Mugabe, AIS Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe is a big shame for an African!
and not Mugabe only, there are many who are stuck in leadership like those glued down, if he leaves power suddenly - maybe if he only dies - were shown signs that their ambitions won't be tolerated.
it is in that regard whereby the wife of that president, Missus Grace Mugabe, was given a high position in the party to lead women.
rumor says she is being prepared to succeed her husband!
while that continues in Zimbabwe, our neighbor Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of Uganda said, Ugandans don't want him to retire because whenever elections are held, he can't miss ten million people who give him votes.
that is another dictator who, since he overthrew the government in 1986, has believed that the citizens love him more than they love their country.
similar to President Mugabe, Museveni has been suspected to prepare his wife Janet or his son Muhoozi to lead Uganda.
the same situation is like that in Rwanda whereby President Paul Kagame, who has been in power since 1994, is believed to hold on to the position of the presidency as he waits for his son to mature in order to hand it to him.
Kagame, who once said that he would like to retire by 2016 then said there was no one qualified, has been quiet for a long time concerning that announcement.
like other dictators of Africa who believe only their families are the ones who can succeed them, the big he is doing Kagame is to kill his opposition who seem to have a major influence in that country.
it is surprising to see that they don't learn anything as a result of incidents of years not many ago in the continent of Africa.
the late President Muammar Gaddafi of Libya made the people tired of him and finally, he was killed while continuing to prepare his son Seif al-Islam to succeed him.
former Egyptian dictator, Hosni Mubarak, was removed from power as he prepared his young son Gamal to take over leadership as he leaves.
the problem of leaders who take themselves to be the best in their countries, to a level of believing it's only they who can give birth to leaders, is that they believe the greatest enemy is in the opposition.
they use a lot of time, fighting their political opponents who announced themselves openly, they forgot the say of the wise men that, what eats you is within you.
