Sungusungu tattooed with charms to make them more courageous
written by Peti Siyame, Sumbawanga
published: 14 December 2016
as other military improves themselves courageously and with determination in physical training using better equipment, ancient soldiers, famously known as Sungusungu who are male youth almost 83 in number have been forced to get tattooed on the whole body to increase confidence.
they were tattooed by traditional doctors so that they became fearsome and also become brave when facing criminals even if criminals are heavily armed.
the tattoo ceremony involved Sungusungu from the villages of Mwale and Ng'ong'o which are in lake Rukwa valley in Sumbawanga district, Rukwa where two goats were slaughtered for the purposes of the soldier's feast.
they eat together with poor quality grain meal.
this newspaper reached the field that was used for the ceremony in that forest and witnessed the youth force of age between 20 and 40 being tattooed all over the body by four traditional doctors hired to do that job.
speaking with this newspaper under a condition of not writing there names on the newspaper, some well built youth claimed that they have faith that the traditional medicine have the ability to make them fearsome and more brave.
"after we have been tattooed over the whole body then we will be able to identify the criminals before he has committed a crime so we can prevent crime before it is done.
in fact we shall be extremely brave, super energized and we shall not be scared to face criminals even if they are heavily armed," insisted one of them.
speaking with this newspaper, the commander of the Sungusungu army, Mahona Boniface said the tattooing is a direction from their Sungusungu lord called Clement Mbogatabu which he gave soon after being chosen to take that position in the recent elections.
"I am the one who alerted collection of these police and give them the instructions from our Sungusungu lord they all complied and today we are gathered in this field where every police officer has been instructed to carry along his own new razor blade and an amount of 500 shillings as fee to the doctor who will tattoo him," said Mbogatabu.
those traditional doctors hired to do that job were mentioned as Juma Aron, Shinje Buzuka and Lutema Mugesa while the name for the fourth doctor was not available.
he said that the doctors are from Uzia village and the other one is a resident of Santaukiwa village which are in the valley of river Rukwa in Sunbawanga district where they conducted the activity from nine in the morning to two at noon.
they said that after the tattooing, the Sungusungu youth male police have been objected from having sex with any woman even if they are married for a period of three days after passing those days they will be assembled again where they will be washed in medicine then be allowed to have sex.
