did JPM establish a corruption judiciary or did he found it?
Elias Msuya, citizen, emsuya@mwananchi.co.tz
among the promises that Doctor John Magufuli promised during the general elections campaign when vying for presidency, is to initiate corruption courts to deal with corruption, theft and bribes in the country.
apart giving that promise during campaigns, President Magufuli talked about the issue during the ultimate day of the new year's Courts week in Dar es Salaam earlier this year, requiring the Chief Justice Othman Chande not to wait for parliament to approve the bill of instituting a corruption's court instead the court to commence work as quickly as possible.
he said, delays in the commencement of that court provides an opportunity for the corrupt individuals to continue wrecking the country and make it poor, yet it has enough resources to run the state without depending on funds from donors which he said have conditions.
President Magufuli insisted on the importance of instituting that court that he wants to be a section of the Supreme Court as the case of lands and business courts.
while closing the commemorations, the president said his intention is to see the country having a good economy that will benefit every Tanzanian from the available resources rather than being owned by few individuals.
recently, Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa announced the launch of that court when presenting the estimates of revenues and expenditures of his office to the parliament in Dodoma.
"concerning that promise of establishing a special corruption court, I would like to inform your parliament that the government has initiated the Bribery and Corruption Division of the Supreme Court, which will commence work in July 2016," Majaliwa said.
the prime minister also said the government will strengthen the office of the director of public prosecution and the office of the attorney general so that together they can accelerate the delivery of justice to the cases that will be presented to that court.
speaking about the cost of that court, Majaliwa said in an effort to deal with the shortage of courtrooms and resources at all levels, President Magufuli has implemented his promise that he gave on February 4, of providing 12.3 billion shillings for purposes of developing the courts.
he said that move has enabled the court to proceed with renovation and construction of the court at various levels together with purchase of equipment.
Majaliwa said the government intends to reduce the nuisance from many court proceedings so that citizens get justice in time.
"the government has also improved and increased efficiency in investigations and conducting of proceedings by separating the investigation and conduction of proceedings roles," said Majaliwa.
Majaliwa said the leadership of the court has scheduled a program for the court's judges to have a target number of cases they are expected to rule over every year.
in the process of constructing a court, the constitution of the United Republic is the basis for the establishment of state authority as government, (Article 34) court (Article 107 A) and the parliament of the United Republic (Article 62).
the judicial department is instituted by the constitution and give the mandate of delivering justice when resolving and determining various issues it has been authorized to address.
there are different types of courts, for instance those directly established by the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania, Court of Appeal of the United Republic, High Court of the United Republic of Tanzania, High Court of Zanzibar and the Special Constitutional Court of the United Republic.
there are also courts that are being initiated by law which include resident magistrates' courts of 1984:
the resident magistrates' courts, district courts and the initial courts.
the third type is special courts that are initiated under a special law to attend to specific issues, Labor Courts, Children's Court, High Court of Commerce and Lands High Court.
nevertheless, when the government announced the commencement of that court, it has explained that the court was already there but its performance was crippled.
that court was instituted in accordance with the Economic Sabotage Act of the year 1984, being a few years after the Kagera war which disrupted the economy causing a shortage of commodities in the shops.
talking about that court recently, Singida East parliamentarian (Chadema), Tundu Lissu said, that court has been in the country since 1984.
"President Magufuli needs to be reminded that this country has had the corruption court since 1984, that is 31 years ago, when Edward Sokoine was the Prime Minister.
the formulated law is called "the law of controlling economic sabotage crime".
"that law together with other things, constituted the special court of economic sabotage, the corrupt and others," says Lissu.
Lissu says that law is present to date and its violation is addressed by the Institute of Prevention and Combating of Corruption Bureau (PCB).
nevertheless, he says with the current situation, PCB has been derailed by the ineffective judicial system that prevents it to take a case in court without getting permission from the attorney general.
the vice chairperson of Chadema, Professor Abdallah Safari has applauded the decision to establish that court saying that corruption cases will be given the weight they deserve.
"the problem I'm foreseeing is in big cases being taken to Resident's Magistrate Courts.
when the law of economic sabotage was formulated, the Prime Minister at the time was Sokoine and the President was Julius Nyerere, it was only the High Court that was mandated to hear those cases because they believed it's only the judges who have the ability to preside over them," says Professor Safari.
"later, they came to assign the Director of Public Prosecution (DPP) the responsibility of taking those cases to lower courts.
the corruption suspects have great potential, they can bribe even his entire salary without being shaken."
Professor Safari who is among the legal experts in the country says it is important to respect the court so as to eliminate loopholes for bribes.
"in those days, a single case was presided over by three judges. today such a big case is presided over by one magistrate. how can they fail to bribe him?
"it is important that we change that court's status," says Professor Safari.
