steps to take when you decide to quit work
Christian Bwaya, Mwananchi bwaya@mwecau.ac.tz
in the previous article we saw the reasons why people quit work and the initial steps to be taken by someone thinking of making the decision to quit work.
we saw that it is important to be calm when making serious decisions.
a calm self-conscious person does not make decisions that are led by anger or even extreme happiness.
look for professional advice in order to achieve decisions based on accurate understanding of things.
there are advantages of quitting work by following formal procedures.
first, it helps you claim your entitled benefits in accordance with the law.
in order to obtain your dues, including any benefits you are entitled to according to the job contract, you will need official documents to confirm that you have quit the job.
moreover, respecting the contract also avoids the possibility of you getting into problems after quitting the job.
when you quit work without notice for any reason, a dishonest employer could count you as a deserter of duty and accuse you of theft of office property under your supervision.
there are workers who just after getting a good job, left in pomp and disregard to their employers.
others resigned with a 24-hour notice, believing they had nothing to lose anymore.
it was not as they had thought.
quit work in a manner that protects your working relationship with the employer.
you might not see those benefits today but in future bad relationships might cost you.
the new employer might contact your former employer to confirm that it is true that you quit work.
if you did not quit in the right procedure, you might find yourself losing the job that you were happy to obtain.
in this article we suggest good ways of providing notice of quitting work from your current employer and coworkers.
providing formal notice to the employer after ascertaining that you have followed the procedures of quitting work in accordance with the contract, the next step is to make formal communication with the employer that you now quitting work.
not many employers would enjoy encountering the issues of an employee quitting work, in a cafeteria.
avoid spreading such information before you have officially communicated with the employer.
an official notice of quitting work is important, if possible, it should be preceded with face to face talks with the employer.
in those talks, your employer gets a chance of receiving the bad news, in an unofficial environment before reading the official letter.
in writing the resignation letter, there are several factors to consider.
firstly, is to make clear your intentions that you are quitting work.
for example, your letter could have subject heading that states, 'RE: Quitting Work'.
words like, 'shifting work', 'tired of working conditions', 'switching jobs' could have many interpretations.
avoid words that have many interpretations.
after showing the purpose of your letter, write a sentence mentioning the last date you worked with your employer.
for example, 'I inform you that after great deliberation, at my own discretion, I have decided to make the decision of quitting work in order to get the opportunity to further my education.
the last working day is expected to be the Friday of date 03/31/2017.'
after mentioning the last working day, show appreciation by recognizing your employer's contribution in improving your experience.
briefly mention the opportunities you gained since you started work that you believe that built your skills and experience.
it is possible there are things you did not really like in the company/institution that you are leaving.
perhaps you had a dispute with your supervisor at work.
this is not the time to complain neither a reminder of past slights.
use positive language that does not express negative feelings.
in line with that, avoid mentioning your new employer or where you are intending to go.
the employer does not need to know of your plans after parting with him.
conclude your letter by requesting to be informed of any procedures for handing over of office.
conclude your letter by requesting to be informed of any procedures for handing over of office.
you can also show you are ready for an inquiry as to why you are quitting, giving the employer the opportunity to interrogate you on reasons that made you quit, how you will receive your entitlements, procedures of handing over of office, your readiness to help the new person who will take your place and other matters.
informing your colleagues, after the formal agreement with your employer that you are now quitting, what follows is to notify your colleagues.
the notice that you are now leaving can evoke emotions of jealousy.
when you inform them, respect their feelings.
it is true that you have quit and you are going to a better place.
maybe even your colleagues would like to go where you are going to.
do not make them feel as if they have nowhere to go by remaining with the employer that you are parting ways with.
you have no reason for fanfare by words or actions before and after leaving the work station.
there is no basic reason to explain why you have left and that where you are going, there are more benefits.
also, do not endanger your relationship with the employer you leaving by bad mouthing him to the colleagues that you are leaving.
even if it's true he has his weakness, even if the working environment you are leaving is inadequate, you have no reason of explaining that to the workers you are leaving.
say positive things.
give common reasons as to why you are quitting.
quit in a manner that will allow you to continue having good relationships with those you are leaving.
remember there is tomorrow!
the author is a professor of psychology at the Mwenge Catholic University.
0754 870 815
