those who do not join NHIF will not get good service.
written by Sifa Lubasi, Dodoma.
published on 03 October 2016.
senior secretary of the Ministry of Health, Public Welfare, Gender, Elderly and Children, Doctor Ulisubisya Mpoki promised not to give free services to hospital workers who do not join (NHIF).
"if the civil servant doesn't have insurance he should pay this amount, do not give free service," he said adding that those service providers shouldn't sabotage the service," he said.
he made that statement yesterday in Dodoma town, when the Managing Director of food and drugs authority (TFDA), Hiiti Sillo was handing over a blood testing machine worth 35 million shillings at the Mirembe hospital.
he said the availability of that machine, will help reduce congestion of patients at the referral hospital in Dodoma region and Benjamin Mkapa.
Tanzania food and drugs authority director, Sillo, said TFDA as well as ensuring quality and safety of food, drugs, cosmetics and medical kits aimed at protecting the health of the citizens, has a system of care and value the community to support development activities.
he said every year they have been offering donations or funding different social groups in the community with an aim of creating and developing good relationship.
he said, in support of President John Magufuli efforts in making sure all citizens are given heath services effectively and at the right time, they have decided to deliver that machine.
Silio said, TFDA in its budget of year 2015/2016, has bought a machine to test blood for 16,500 dollars, equivalent to 35 million shillings.
"TFDA recognizes that the health of a human being is a very important pillar in the development of the country, therefore the machine of testing blood in Mirembe Hospital, we believe it will improve the provision of health services to the community the way it is expected," he said.
the Chief specialist of Mirembe Hospital, Doctor Erasmas Mndeme, said that machine will enable the patients to get the tests on time.
when the patient gets the correct test the doctor will give the correct treatment, we are thankful for that aid, he said.
