failure of important agenda 2015 March 08, 2013
data analysis on success rates mentioned recently by Prime Minister, Mizengo Pinda shows that average pass mark for those who started secondary in the third phase is 89 percent.
67, while those who started in the fourth phase is 58 percent.
83.
these statistics are for a period of three years during the reign of President Benjamin Mkapa in the third phase of his leadership.
what is considered in the data analysis is the students who started secondary during the concerned leader's term.
during press conference with the journalists in his office at Magogoni, in Dar es Salaam, the Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda said that in the year 2005, the success rate was 89 percent.
3. in the year 2006, it was 89 percent.
12 and in the year 2007, it was 90 percent.
6.
he continued to explain that in the year 2008, the success rate was 83 percent.
6. in the year 2009 the rate was 72 percent.
5. in the year 2010 the rate is 50 percent.
4. in the year 2011, the rate became 53 percent.
6 while last year level of success was 34 percent.
5.
those who started secondary during the time of Mkapa, the statistics illustrate that in the year 2005 the rate of success was 89 percent.
3, those graduates started their secondary education in the year 2002, at the time when Benjamin Mkapa had started his second term.
although the graduates who graduated form four in the year 2006, meant that they started their education in the year 2003, at the time Mkapa was still in power and their rate of success was 89.
12, while those who graduated in the year 2007, rate of success was 90 percent.
6, started secondary in the year 2004, one year before Mkapa retired.
for the year 2008, the graduates started secondary in the year 2005 when there was handing over power between Mkapa and Kikwete, at the end of that year, the examination results for the 2008 graduates had a success rate of 83.
6.
those who started education at the time of Kikwete, the success results indicate that the graduates of the year 2009 whose rate of success was 72.5 percent, started secondary in the year 2006 and graduates of the year 2009 whose average rate of success was 50.4 percent started education in the year 2007.
for the graduates of the year 2011 there average success was 53 percent.
6 those who started education in the year 2008, while those graduates who broke the record of failure, had an average pass of 34 percent.
5 those who started secondary in the year 2009, one year before Kikwete started the second phase of his term.
the heavy work for Kikwete due to how the situation is right now and especially when compared to his predecessor, Benjamin Mkapa, it is obvious that he has a big job of appropriately using almost three years to produce form four graduates who will paralyze the heat of failure, otherwise, the education agenda will be a difficult dice for the future contestant of his party- the party of the revolution (CCM).
apparently, on the other hand the truth of the matter indicates that the effects of failure was more pronounced during Kikwete's reign due to some level of complacency brought about by the then Mkapa's Minister of Education Joseph Mungai, who interfered with the education curriculum by removing some subjects and mixing up others thereby giving rise to graduates who later on became teachers without having been taught some of the subjects that were removed and later on reintroduced, immediately after Kikwete ascended to power.
however, more blame is on Kikwete due to government's failure to invest in basic areas to improve education and instead invested more in education infrastructure.
for example, information shows that during his reign it is as if the department of school audit was dead.
that department is considered dead because of other reasons, among them is lack of sustainable budget, although some auditors also claimed to have lacked required level of professionalism to audit, which also involves assessment of teachers' abilities to teach accordingly alongside other criteria that need to be considered in the delivery quality education.
another area that the government seams to be joking is in failure to adequately invest in the curriculum section, our news sources reveal that a huge need dominates in that area, the system of publication of books has been turned into an exhibition of sorts for ordinary items that are substandard.
"nearly all areas that are said to be important pillars in the betterment of education have been neglected and money is not allocated, yet people are surprised for poor results," our news source explained, from the Ministry of education and Vocational Training, which is currently headed by Doctor Shukuru Kawambwa.
therefore, the great task that Kikwete has whose results of "board of failure" constituted by Prime Minister Pinda can be a guide, is together with ensuring that within two years of yielding graduates before completion of his term, increases the average success rate better than his predecessor Mkapa.
a huge political agenda of 2015 is education which in CCM is like a political dice for the former Prime Minister, Edward Lowassa that can become a big agenda during the 2015 general elections, which has already been predicated to be marred by debates.
if education will continue being an important agenda, Lowassa can have an influence of its kind among members of CCM, although experience shows that, the CCM candidate carries the aspiration of the party's manifesto and not his own declarations, though implementation of that manifesto relies upon his unwavering will.
yet there is no other candidate among those running for presidency on CCM who can dissociate himself from the issue of education.
already Samuel Sitta who to a great extend differs politically with Lowassa, has been banking his political campaigns on managing corruption and poor utilization of national resources.
nevertheless, outside CCM, if this is how things will turn in regards to education being an important agenda, then the party of NCCR-Revolution through its chairman, James Mbatia (parliamentarian) can enhance its popularity at political platforms although it will also depend on the manner in which the party can strategically plan to continue being a source of innovation about this agenda of education.
all the same, apart from NCCR through Mbatia, already the Party of Democracy and Development (Chadema) through its campaigns of the year 2010 declared to improve education in the country and some of its policies is to offer better education and make it compulsory from primary school up to form six.
it is from this situation, that analysts believe education can become an important political agenda in the campaigns of 2015 general election.
