the investment environment continues to be improved in the country.
September 29, 2016
Tanzania has been the 116th country out of 138 in the year 2016-2017 as a result of a good environment that attracts investment in all sectors of the world.
that was said yesterday by the acting director of the research institute of REPOA, Doctor Lucas Katera, when he was announcing results of a research that was done by his institute in Tanzania in regards with the position of the country in developing a favorable investment environment in the world.
"this research was done in 138 countries, but we at REPOA did on the side of Tanzania, where there were 12 criteria that were researched for all countries, whereby in Tanzania, we identified some of the criteria that the country seems to perform well while the other criteria requiring more improvements," said Doctor Katera.
he mentioned some of the criteria that seem to do well to be: security of the government, public health, position on policy, management and control of foreign currency together with management of the job market.
"the criteria that seem to need major improvements are the availability of loans, many taxes again at a big level, weak infrastructure, bribery together with bureaucracy in government when an investor comes with an intention of investing here in the country since there has been much bureaucracy in the government," said Doctor Katera.
he said even though Tanzania has been the 116th country in the year 2016/2017, but it's a big step compared to past years whereby, in the year 2013/2014 it was in the position of 125th, in the year 2014/2015 it held the position of 121st and the year of 2015/206 it held the position of 120th, therefore it has continued to climb up, although at a small speed.
he highlighted that, the government is required to improve the quality of higher education and the training that is provided in the country, after it was clearly shown to be faced with major challenges of certainty of the labor force to the investors emerging from the education provided at high levels to not seen to be having the required quality especially in the fields of science and technology subjects.
"even you journalists I think you remember the year 2010 there were jobs that were advertised in the sector of natural gas here in the country, but they were not found those who satisfy the required qualifications, therefore this is a big challenge that needs a solution because when investors come to invest here in the county, they want to find workers with attributes and quality that is required," said Doctor Katera.
and one of the panelists who did that research, researcher Cornel Jahari of that institute said that research was done in the province of Dar es Salaam because, 75 percent of taxes come from Dar es Salaam because of the many companies and many industries investing in the province here whereby they interviewed chief business executives, small small together with big businesspeople, in industries and the agricultural sector.
the global competition institute (GCI) for the first time in the world economic forum in the year 2005 began the plan of recognizing countries with the best environment in the world of investment, through the 12 criterion provided by that institute whereby research is done in every country in the world.
the top ten countries which according to that research are leading in having the best investment environments are: Switzerland, America, Netherlands, Germany, Sweden, Britain, Japan, Hong Kong together with Finland whereby in the East Africa (EAC) region, the country of Rwanda has been seen to do well, followed by Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda and Burundi is the last.
