controversy emerges when it comes to expertise about gold September 19, 2012
the minister of mining and energy Professor Sospeter Muhongo said that he will make sure the China National Gold Corporation (CNGGC) company which is in a hurry to buy more stock of 30 percent of Africa Barrick Gold (ABG) company that they start mining until ABG will pay all debts it owes the government of Tanzania and good citizens are informed.
that government position was released by Professor Muhongo confirming that ABG was having discussion and was ready to accept to sale their energy to CNGGC.
Professor Muhongo said they have started investigating that report that the Chinese company will not start mining in this country until ABG company clears all debt arising from mining in this country.
we will make sure all payment is made or else any company which buys energy from ABG will clear all debt before starting mining.
"we will continue following keenly and very closely because they are very clever and we need to be very careful," Professor Muhongo said.
if they will not clear the debt and they cheat the Chinese then the mining process will be difficult for them and will inform the ambassador of China to Tanzania about that company if buy energy from ABG company and should be prepared to clear all expenses that ABG failed to pay.
that sentiment by Professor Muhogo follows the position of his ministry of what action is taking against mining, natural gas and oil company who were escaping to pay rent for so long and some have resorted to sale their company to foreigners like what ABG wants to do.
those comments are brought up by the ABG reports through email such that, it has been in the conversation of selling some of his shares to that China Company.
the report that there is discussions approval also and ABG office in Dar es Salaam on his letter through his spokesman, Nector Foya, it proves that company it is on previous steps of discussion with that China Company.
"during that time, there is no prove of that discussion can reach to agreement that come out, it is still early that discussion can been finished if CNGGC will take more than 30 percent of ABG, compare with shares market of London (London Stock Exchange) ABG it proves that it has 4 billion pounds of shares.
1 in the shares market."
during the time ABG were giving that explanation, the report of the plan for educating openness through savings of minerals, gas and oil (TEITI) which is under the chairperson Judge Mark Bomani, it has put it open such that there is possibility ABG has a loan.
one officer of TEITI has said: "in the second report of TEITI for July 2009 up to June 2010, the total government income were 419 billion from quarry mines, gas and oil companies, in that division, paying revenue to any company is not good, they pay only seven percent, their claims is that they don't get profit."
that officer said those figures are according to second report, "while waiting to arrange the forth report6 of financial year 2012/2013 we are not sure if that company you talking about of ABG has paid revenue of income for the financial year 2011/2012."
ABG has several mines in the country, at some areas of Tulawaka, Biharamulo Kagera province, and Bulyanhulu, Kahama, Shinyanga and North Mara, Tarime Mara province.
