as the norm I wanted us to laugh outside and asked for forgiveness early .
look at the cat scratching there .
we've seen Mau's joke and now the discussion continues .
you might find a father going to bed at even nine or ten o'clock as a mother you still have to move around and prepare the children take this from here and put it there and eleven o'clock would be approaching by the time you're going to bed .
therefore you're the first and the last .
I am always the last to sleep .
I have to ensure that the whole family is asleep then I can sleep .
at the end of the day there's equality or a male system even in payment for work (()) .
there's a female conductor and a male conductor and there's a problem of (()) for the female one -- for the -- there's equality there or there are male and female attendants and the indication is okay and if it is okay what should we do (()) I feel the male system is there because we can't say that the male system isn't there .
resulting from not putting each other as equals .
and I feel because the father has become the head then he should be the bigger person and and the mother (()) smaller .
but I feel the right should be equal .
I feel like the right is progressing as years go by -- the progress of the right is equal .
because from years back there were issues in the past of not being partial over any side the boys and girls were left but for now as years go by the woman has started being recognized that she also has the ability to work and she has the ability to do anything like a man .
and that is why you'll find them saying there is a female conductor and a male conductor a female lorry driver and the male one .
I feel the right is equal .
you're ready that if you go having completed school you'll be employed .
you and the person you schooled with are equal but will he be given more ?
male .
(()) .
why ?
at the moment -- at the moment by ninety percent the woman the man depends by a very high percentage on the woman .
yes ?
why ?
they really need men who (()) women .
but at the moment the women are feeding the men .
therefore the salary should be equal even if it's for a man or a woman .
(()) equal rights .
we have come to the end of this second topic and welcome to the last past of the program .
I can see many of the woman are saying it should be equal .
there are a few fathers and young men who are disagreeing saying they carry responsibilities but I truly think as one woman said nine percent is a very small difference .
women are working .
sir I must talk about it and it's not just in towns but they are working .
it's not that much sir .
therefore I feel -- I am telling you that you will move around and see .
I haven't seen female taxi drivers but that doesn't mean that if there are two calling out for taxi they should be given equal rights .
the women are there now .
a few in the taxis ?
they drive the Costa very well .
we have come to the end of the Minibuzz program (()) before departing let's meet with Shawal in Kilima area to touch on tomorrow's topic on the Buzz box .
<misc>
