farming now in the internet
and Bernardine Mutanu.
East Africa countries have introduce the program of installing information in the internet concerning farming and food like a way of preventing food shortage in this area.
while speaking during the launch of that program yesterday, the secretary general of United Nations of East Africa zone (EAC) about business, Mister John Konchella said the statistics of produce and livestock that will be stored in this program will be very important not only to the concerned government but to all the citizen as a whole.
"South African nations are mostly affected by lack of food.
there are some of the areas that are severely affected by hunger even though this is able to give more produce that can provide for all the citizens and also to be sold in foreign countries," he said.
he said among the factors that caused the situation was weaknesses in food exchange among the nations of Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, and other EAC countries or areas with surplus food and those with scarce food.
some of the other factors that contributes to this state include cost of production as well as bad weather due to climatic change, explained Mister Konchella.
"based on this fact, EAC has revealed a plan of ensuring food security and to cop with hunger," said Mister Konchella.
he explained that the plan was the first step towards implementing a contract set out among the EAC countries.
according to the agreement, these nations should cooperate to strengthen agriculture and crop production as well as to address food shortage.
relevant states are required to launch the projects of food shortage and production in their words and to make sure it will followed and that there is enough food," said Mister Konchella.
the program contains data for all types of products in each country and the quantity of crop yields available annually in all parts of the EAC.
according to one representative of World Food Program (FAO), that steps is important to ensure that the way of food in different areas are understood quickly.
