UNESCO General Director's message celebrates the world's Sayansi day
the World Science Day for Peace and Development in 2016 is "Celebrating Centers and Museums of Science".
our beginning is clear
Sayansi continues to be the main pillar of the 2030 agenda for Sustainable Development, Addis Ababa agenda is to take a strategy for Sendai Disaster Risk Strategy, and Paris Convention on climate change.
all these agreements provide a new thought of peace and prosperity of the world, to empower having a community that builds and exchanges knowledge to continue discovery and innovation with an aim to ensure the existence of sustainable and joint development in the future.
in order to achieve this, further expansion of the Sayansi industry is needed to ensure the presence of positive relations between Sayansi and society.
this is the main reason why centers and museums of Sayansi are essential for building capacity, defending and transmitting messages on the importance of Sayansi in sustainable development.
centers and museums of Sayansi together have a major role in nurturing the curiosity of men and women, as a creative laboratory to stimulate research and to help the community cope with its challenges.
in this digital era, the time we need creative efforts to promote Sayansi studies outside classes, centers and museums of Sayansi are key to helping that.
they provide an appropriate way to motivate children especially for girls to study Sayansi studies to enhance the potential and scientific efficiency.
in November 2015, UNESCO welcomed the world's proposal to maintain and develop museums and its publications, its other documents and its responsibilities before the community, to strengthen our wish of mobilizing the museum as an important element of peace and sustainable development.
in the celebrations of this year of World Science Day in Peace,
we cooperate with the Association of Science -Technology Centers and the international Council of Museums in this regard, aiming at developing and distributing scientific knowledge throughout the world.
centers and museums of Sayansi are key platforms for dialogue to be able to understand and be able to cope with various issues.
they offer sparkles of Joy and wonders that move foreigners regardless of age or nature, by providing experiences that bring together women and men of the same moral values.
in this regard, I invite all the partners together with governments around the world to integrate power into developing centers and museums for the purpose of having a sustainable development.
