our stone superstructure, base of wood and clay!
May 31, 2012
last week I tried to justify an argument by referring to the statement of the famous German philosopher Karl Marx, who once said that you cannot change the system of authority (superstructure) if the environment of the community base, including the economy (economic base), have not been ready.
I said the system of governance in any society is the fruit of the fantasy and practice of the community.
when Americans elected President Barrack Obama last year, they were not gambling.
they knew that apart from Obama being the first black citizen to lead the world's largest nation, far from the fact that he seemed to have ideas comparable to the Socialists Manifesto, but also, apart from Obama having a sense of humor, they still elected him to be president because they knew they already had the superstructure they had set up and could not be played by anyone including the president.
it is protected, together with other issues by the Constitution, law, free will, the economy, technology, democratic tradition and the level of knowledge of citizens of the country.
so maybe Tanzania let us not expect that because we have democracy of many parties as the United States, and that we are doing elections like the United States, and that we say our constitution protects many human rights and freedoms as set forth in the United Nations Declaration, that we have also developed democratically.
first of all, we have the greatest challenge as a society to achieve the democratic level we see in the West.
and the issue here is not just having democracy simply because of imitation, but from the scientific and historical fact that there are some basic human traits pursued in their lives, helps them to relieve them from chronic problems that threaten their presence.
various researchers differ in the way they look at Africa before colonialism.
there are a number of researchers who have shown that Africa was a dark continent and administrative systems that existed before were inferior.
there are real examples of dictatorial administrations that have been brutal and irrespective of human rights.
in fact, there are communities that the day the king died was to be buried together with four living crews, one in each corner of the grave.
but this violent example of African rulers those days does not help us to justify the issue of democracy because history does not leave whites safe.
for a long time in Europe there were also rulers cruel even more than cruelty.
and their other cruelty has not been put in the record because every time historians try to write the pen refuses to produce ink, and the keys of printing machines refuse to come up!
but there are also researchers who have tried to show that it is not true to say that, all African communities were governed by dictatorially by cruel leaders like Idd Amini of Uganda, king Bokassa of Central Africa and others who looked like them.
that there were African communities that had good procedures for listening to the views of the governed.
there are communities where the king or the speaker had his council of consultants which he was obliged to listen to.
and in those societies where the king or chief failed to meet or respect the basis for his power, he could then be removed through a process that guided that community.
one political science lecturer in the country has told me that before colonialism there were African societies that had certain democratic value and attitudes (democratic values and attitudes).
he said the difference was that those communities did not have democratic institutions with divisive responsibilities as we know in today's democratic systems, the government (the president and his team), the parliament and the courts.
that in those communities only one institution (the king and his council) did all the work of law formulation, passing judgment, administration, and law implementation.
in other words, in simple language, there was no other institution or agency to question the decisions of the King and his council.
the logic of this column today is to simplicity in light language the challenges that we Tanzanians, and Africans in general, have to face scientifically if we really have the true desire to succeed in bringing about our own development.
I started this column by talking about superstructure.
this is an English word and may have many meanings in different contexts.
one English dictionary defines superstructure as: "structure above foundations."
or "part of ship above deck."
that is part of the building on the base or top of the ship.
another English dictionary The Oxford Learner's English Dictionary defines the word as something built on something (my translation), for example the upper part of the ship or part of the building that is based on the base.
the second definition of superstructure states and I will write it in English first: "the systems and beliefs in the society that we have developed from more simple ones".
then it is illustrated: "the relationship between the economic base of society and the political superstructure of power".
and this is what Karl Marx was referring to when he said, it is a socio-economic basis that determines the type of administrative system that will exist in the relevant community.
maybe we look back to the superstructure concept and the examples we saw above starting with the model of a ship.
there is a Swahili proverb that says, "if you see them float, they have been created."
likewise, there are people who have tried to show wonder, at how it is that if a coin is dropped into the sea it immediately sinks, while a big ship and heavy cannot sink.
it should be noted that the original ships were made of trees.
the idea of big ships was due to the understanding and experience of the storks of the trees that human beings had at that time.
a tree log was dug in the middle to enable people to sit there and travel by floating on the water.
but as the need, knowledge, skill and dread grew in man, is when he made the best ship.
over the past 1,000 years there were whites who came to be known as Vikings.
they were only pirates who were traveling from one area to another doing mischief, including stealing, raping, fighting, but also doing business and demonstrating their skills in what they are good at.
but the history of Vikings has been more favorable to them (as once recognized by Winston Churchill) by remembering them more not for their rape, rather in their skill to make big ships, stable and those that had been adorned very well.
although they were wooden, those ships could travel long distances in the sea and withstand strong waves, unlike other transport equipment at the time.
the superstructure of Vikings' ships was wooden as it was at the bottom of the ship (the deck) which stretched into the sea.
as the years passed, ships were further improved.
over the years, due to scientific and technological advances, humans began to make ships using iron.
and I will apologize for the truth and forgive me if my thoughts will contradict the reality of what I am discussing.
the superstructure of ships began to be iron and stable immediately after the base of the ship was iron and more stable.
ships like the Titanic were really made big after knowledge, skill, and experience that a human being had collected from other ships to enable him to make it.
and when they built the Titanic they called it "Unsinkable."
which is not immersible.
they knew that with the presence of many floors in the ship and the heavy weight in the superstructure that was iron, the base of the ship had the balance to make it safe.
that base (base) was strong enough to handle the superstructure of the ship itself.
and even the sinking of the Titanic was caused by an accident of hitting an iceberg.
today, the United States has built a ship bigger than the Titanic.
it has playgrounds, conference halls, comfort places, et cetera.
its superstructure has more floors than the Titanic but its base still has the ability to sustain it.
