the lost opportunity: if I was the president I would have spoken Swahili the tour of Obama
the Swahili language of the Swahili people is like a bastard on the coast of the Swahili people, poor and its mother dead at its birth, it was raised by its step father Mwalimu Nyerere who died from blood cancer.
Swahili was left alone while young but its health is good, it continues to grow,
congratulations to its step father who truly loves Swahili though he killed his wife during his birth.
Swahili is an orphan who now has to grow on the streets again and be called a street child because he will never step again to the state house or international events, may be if Chissano gets back into power in that neighboring country, Mozambique.
congratulations to Chissano for remembering Swahili although you passed Tanzania
just to ask for assistance of liberating your country, being brave you did not forget the contribution of Swahili to achieve the issues of Mozambique.
why have we lost all chances to grow Swahili, the council of Swahili just eats the finances of Tanzanians or what work does it do?
it did not advise the president to use the opportunity of the coming of Obama to announce Swahili or was the president stubborn?
the president is like an institution or this institution is the answer of being tricky to Makinda ANNE?
congratulations Kenya Airways for announcing Swahili to the world.
why should the president be frustrated to a point of using English while Swahili is there?
even if the president is very good in English, there is no opportunity of announcing our nationally and Swahili?
thus the Japanese, Chinese, Russians and Arabians when they speak their languages it is like they don't know English completely or they want to Mark correctly because of who they are, to be identified in the world that they are free nationalities and their languages are free for their own use.
Swahili lacks that attraction at home and outside the country.
sorry all these has an end or the day you die or the day you will be remembered, humiliation is the turban of crust.
truly, Tanzanians you have really disappointed us again, one opportunity lost in the hands and the mouths of state house, it is very dangerous because it might never happen again for decades, the presidential advisors, state house what are you doing? what are you advising?
why is it like you are stopping the president?
what did he do to you that you are now paying for all that evil?
did he not trust you to help him with the job?
who will speak Swahili if it is not the president and the state house of Dar?
what is wrong with Swahili that it is rejected in its home?
I pray the government will think again and to create strategies so that the president and state house will speak Swahili in all the activities including the international ones, there is a day that shame will be very big, I am repeating whatever we are seeing is just a smell, there is a day we will the carcass itself.
Swahili, Swahili, I love you my national language.
I request to submit.
