20 December 2012
health officer locked in the warehouse
Patrick Mabula, Kahama. the health officer for Kahama district Moster Charles Mwaipopo the day before yesterday found himself in a difficult situation after he was locked in a warehouse for more than five hours when he was doing an inspection.
Mister Mwaipopo was locked in a warehouse belonging to businessman Mister Lucas Kishimbe who admitted locking in the health officer when he had gone to inspect the goods that are in the warehouse. the businessman Mister Kishimbe said he decided to lock the officer inside after he threatened to set on fire the goods that are in the warehouse if he did not give anything claiming they did not have the quality assurance from the factories where he buys them. Mister Kishimbe said the officer arrived at his warehouse and identified himself as coming to do an inspection and he opened for him including the inner doors, but while in there he asked to be given money and that is when he refused and he threatened to set the goods in there on fire.
he said that after being threatened is when he decided to lock him inside the warehouse and sought help from his superior district health officer Mister Athanas Ng'oboko who denied sending him to do that work and making threats so that he is given something.
the district health officer Mister Ng'oboko when asked admitted the locking in of the officer and denied that he was not an employee in the district authority but is an employee of the town authority and that he did not send him to carry out that work which he says he probably had a plan of getting money for himself from the businessman who locked him the warehouse.
and health officer for Kahama town authority Mister Marten Masele when asked admitted the occurrence of the incidence but denied that Mister Mwaipopo is not under that authority and neither did he send him to carry out inspections in businessmen's warehouses in Kahama town.
on his part, officer Mwaipopo admitted being locked inside Mister Kishimbe's warehouse and explained that he went there following the directive of Food and Drugs Authority "TFDA" from Mwanza City that the businessman has a habit of importing goods that do not have quality standards, something that he refused to be inspected. Mister Mwaipopo said that while locked in the warehouse he made a call to his fellow officers who came arrived with police officers and that is when they saved him and when he was released by the businessman.
however, reliable and long standing reports from some of the citizens and health officers in the Kahama district health authority and from Kahama town authority say a big percentage of businessmen in the district have adopted a dirty game for long as they usually take goods in that state something that endangers the health of the consumers.
