charging fine for the corrupt has saved the disable persons on June 01, 2012.
there was arrangement of exchange of debate in the Chama Cha Mapinduzi party because of several reasons among being the political leaders creating political networks and engaging in corruption while others are giving inciting statements outside this party, then any the an action will be taken by the good citizens has being addressed.
two big thing is expected to come out in that party.
first, leaders who are suspected to involve in corruption disciplinary and legal action must taken against them.
two, those who talk outside the party sitting among them members of parliament they shall be given warning and they should be careful.
already at that time there are those who started opposing among were some of the Secretariat of that party and whose chair is the secretary general Yusuf Makaba of CCM party.
apart from the secretary general of CCM, the secretariat is made up of the assistants of the secretary generals of CCM who are Saleh Ramadhan (Zanzibar) and George Mkuchika (mainland), the secretary of NEC of National organization, Kidawa Yusuf Hamid, the secretary national executive committee of ideology and expansion John Chiligati, the secretary national executive committee of political issues and international relations, Bernard Membe and the the secretary national executive committee of economics and finance, Amos Makala.
the responsibility of the secretariat of the national council is to organize all the activities of the party CCM at the national and also organize the national sittings at the national level.
according to the information we got of meeting of secretariat which was held in Dar es Salam recently, large number of the delegates support that the party should held responsible for those members who involve in corruption and they become burden to the party after they were taken action by agencies.
however, it is being explained that in the same session also it planned the main committee of CCM, to meet January 3 this year and NEC to meet for two days 25 and 26 in Dodoma city, it is only one delegate who was seen as protecting the suspects of corruption who for along time have been involved to benefit from them but his protests did not change the position of his fellow delegates who are many.
but when the situation is like that, it is explained by the personnel of the highest level in the government who have been supporting that decision that is expected to be done in that party and some being ready to embrace blames of leadership this is a step of separating President Kikwete with hatred that can come from what we call "hard decision"
more reports are explaining that the situation of discussing the suspects of corruption being mentioned that they personal strategies so much that it has been disturbing that party it is annoying and tiresome to many leaders who are faithful in the government and other questioned, "them (by their name) who are they in this country until they make people to lack sleep?"
our sources of information that are near to the senior leaders in the country they have suggested that the step being taken so as to clean CCM before the platforms of campaigns later this year.
that direction of reaching to "hard decisions" is mentioned to be involved with that what is expected to emerge from the report of the committee of the retired President, Ali Hassan Mwinyi.
the Mwinyi's committee that joins Deputy Chairman of CCM, Pius Msekwa and the delegate of the main committee of CCM, Abdulrahman Kinana, which was created by NEC during its previous sitting in Dodoma city so as to offer suggestions of finishing what was mentioned as enmity among the members of parliament of that party together with the delegates of the councils' representatives from Zanzibar who had contradictory statements with senior leaders of the government of union.
it is already been reported that there is a situation of conflict in they way they look at each other among the delegates of that committee in the preparation of the report and because of that conflict, the delegates of the committee are preparing a different report that they will present to the CCM secretariat.
the real situation on the direction of CCM during the general elections later this year, it is expected to have a lot of complains if that party will not make any decision which has been posted with a name "hard decision" by separating with the suspects of acts of corruption, who are already are responsible in the government.
some of the senior leaders of CCM are involved in major incidents of corruption, including theft of billions of funds from the Overseas Debt Account (EPA), Central Bank of Tanzania (BoT) and some of them are already in court and their case are going on, included is the Secretary of Finance and Economy of CCM, Kigoma province, Rajabu Maranda.
aside from the senior officials of that party, there is a claim also that it has been contributed funds for election by some of the businesspeople who are involved in the acts of Corruption in the country, who some have also been taken to court.
already the situation of there being a split is obvious not only among members of parliament but even among the government leaders and especially ministers.
at the end of the year, the committee of Mwinyi was ever reported by some of the media house that it has started to breakdown, while it explained that there is a part of suggestions in her report of together because of the submission of NEC-CCM has been leaked.
in those information, it explained that some of the leaders of CCM has suggested about the recommendation that committee, that was claimed is together with removing those who are in power and some are suspects.
from those recommendations of removing some of the senior officials they are mentioned to a tendency of protesting with committee on the claims that the step is intense, without caring who they will leave in power so that they can remain as normal members they have already done that by leaving their positions in the government.
