SSRA comes with an alternate of Fao commitment
it is written by Halima Mlacha
published: 29 September 2016
when the commitment status continues to be discussed for the solution, the Management of and Management of the Social Security Sector (SSRA) has proposed the establishment of a post-employment Fao alternative.
the Fao will be issued to employees who have lost jobs by being dismissed or laid off at work but not to those who have decided to quit their own work.
the same authority has reported that approximately 23 million workers among the 25 million workers in the formal employment sector are equivalent to 91 percent.
2 did not join social storage bags.
the statement was made in Dar es Salaam last year by the Director of Research and Policy Ansgar Mushi, while presenting a topic on community conservation concept and the challenges of members opting out to contribute to community reserve bags, at a one-day press conference scheduled with that authority.
he mentioned the praises of Fao of the unemployment status as a member when he or she is proven to be dismissed or laid off, the fund will give him 33 percent of the employee's salary for a period of six months.
"only the terms of this Fao will be issued only to a 18-year-old employee who contributes for a period of 18 months for those who have contributed for less than 18 months will be given 100 percent of what they have donated," said Mushi.
he said another feature of the same, it does not affect employee pension benefits including other benefits provided by community pockets such as education, reproduction, treatment and disability.
he said the Fao of employment loss would not be given to an employee who left his own job because it would not be a disaster that needs help as the whole idea of the establishment of social security bags.
"our studies show up to 78 percent of employees who apply for the most dedicated Fao are senior professionals in the sense of being able to continue working elsewhere.
most of them are leaving their jobs with employment contracts elsewhere, asking for these funds only for other activities," he said.
Mushi said the goal of the establishment of social policing in accordance with the law and the constitution is to pay an employee pension to simplify his life during the period that he cannot earn income.
however, he stated that the impact of the donation is much as the employee has the opportunity to receive short-term benefits such as reproduction, education, disability and illness, loss of pension benefits and lack of liquidity in social stocks and so failing to pay bonuses to other deserving staff.
"in the case of Fao commitment, when an employee is paid he is taken off of the social security fund even when he becomes ill or have any catastrophe the fund does not recognize.
my office has been receiving just about 34,000 employees who have been given the donation offer now asking for rehabilitation," he stressed.
accordingly, the Legal Services Director of that authority Honorius Njole, said it was still at the stage of the debate and it was not approved while the debate on the Fao of commitment continued to receive comments.
he said in managing social security bags, the SSRA has set up 14 guidelines since its start of work in 2008, including the unlimited guidelines for the use of the bags, membership registration guidelines and records handling or member information.
other guidelines are for moving to any social reserve fund, investment guide, member financial security, social stock savings liquidity and guidance for boards trustees.
for its part, the SSRA Relationship and Mobilization Director, Sara Kibonde, said the community still needs to be educated about the importance of joining community stock pockets as it is useful to the whole community including those who are not present in the formal employment sector.
she said according to statistics of the authorities, the total number of employees present in the formal sector is 2 million.
1 out of 25 million workers attended.
"so approximately 23 million employees are equivalent to 91 percent
2 do not join these pockets."
she also said when pension funds have 2.1 million members, among them, social security pension bags are 1.1 million members while the health insurance fund is 920,701 members.
he said until now those funds have 105,057 pensioners, the contributions of those members that reach 1 trillion shillings.
69 and health insurance 88 billion shillings.
5, of which total is 1 billion shillings.
78.
