that with a lot of desire because it's one of the the major departments that Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has complained about for weakening the fight against corruption .
and that again was talked about when that judge was being sworn in .
just a day after that judge was confirmed unanimously by Kenyan national parliament President Kenyatta wanted that chief justice to reduce the accumulation of the cases filed in the courts inside that country as fast as possible .
well listeners to discuss these in depth we are with our Nairobi Kenya reporter Kennedy Wandera .
at the same time Kenyan human rights activist Mister Eric Karisa and my colleague here in the studio B_M_J Murithi .
first and foremost Murithi please explain to us just briefly who is this judge especially David Maraga .
<no-speech>
yes thank you Sunday Shomari .
Judge Maraga ahh to say the truth he has a long history -- very long because he is sixty-four years of age .
that's why I said just briefly yes .
well now let's see why he has reached the place his is in how he arrived there as we look briefly at who he is .
he is sixty-four years of age and in the Kenyan constitution he will not apply again to be the chief justice after finishing this his term because he is reaching seventy years .
after five years .
then now he will also be the fourteenth chief justice in the republic of Kenya .
and at the same he is a believer in the faith known as Seventh Day Adventist .
a high ranked job like chief justice people want to know what your religious faith is .
he will be -- he has been a leader or he oversaw the committee that removed one of the high court judges Joseph Mutava .
and maybe Sunday I say because our reporter from Nairobi is on the telephone line and he will explain many more .
the issue that have created anxiety or caused a debate in the country in Kenya is the clothe which he wore the day that he was being sworn in yesterday which is the clothe that used to be worn by judges in the old days .
of colonization .
yes -- yes before the swearing in of judges which now this chief justice that left he brought different clothes that were green in color but this judge said I am returning to the old clothes .
firstly .
yes -- yes and that English cap .
now that matter have caused conversations but those maybe we will talked about another time .
very well I definitely thank B_M_J Murithi as I take this chance to welcome Kennedy Wandera from Nairobi Kenya .
please tell us in depth the steps that have taken place until this judge was found because like many people are saying this process was not easy .
Kennedy .
yes this processes has not been easy because many Kenyans were expecting that a supreme court judge would come from among the judges in their midst they have been among the judges who have been led by the former -- retired Willy Mutunga including Jackton Ojwang and Smoking Wanjala .
those are who many Kenyans expected but when they arrived before the -- of that commission of judicial service it seems that that commission had a different direction the way we reported yesterday .
reports were there that there were divisions especially among those commissioners of the commission .
creating different sides that there is a side that want him -- him Al Nashir Visram and others wanting Msagha Mbogholi but because of that misunderstanding its reported that now they said that it's better to take this David Maraga who now has the capability and experience of ensuring that he preserves the court and to give it the leadership that is needed especially to succeed the former -- the retired Judge Willy Mutunga .
but this process also has not been simple maybe Kenyans who know it's a process which past through all the constitutional steps .
especially after the president giving it thumps up or putting the signature first the parliament makes sure it has been past so that the president signs .
but his presence now is an open indication that now officially we have found the second chief justice under the new constitution that was approved in the year two thousand and ten .
thank you a lot Kennedy Wandera .
likewise then please %incomplete
