several of various groups -- the draft had a positive view that women and even men who will have married citizens who are not Tanzanians will get the same treatment on how -- how they will be able to register them or to get the citizenship rights to their spouses .
on just that -- we wanted emphasis on .
because the time went to do the communication there were many questions concerning why women when they are married by foreigners for example they get the same rights like the way men get that for example if a man marries a Tanzanian citizen I mean a if Tanzanian man marries a foreign citizen her registration rights are immediate but as for woman there must be the criteria how many years you stay first and what that is rights becomes not available to who in comparison .
<no-speech>
that has united different stakeholders with the aim of getting the ideas concerning gender equality in the constitutional draft which will be presented in the parliament to be discussed .
<no-speech>
the head of Lindi province Ludovick Mwanzela have expressed her anger with the executive committee of Kilwa district for using the money for development projects for private interest instead of helping the citizens .
Mwanzela has said those during the session of a special council of councilors of Kilwa district committee after the financial audit report of the financial year of two thousand and thirteen to show lack of discipline of that committee on the usage of money .
Martina Ngulumbi from Lindi has prepared the following report for us .
<no-speech>
the session of council of councilors of Kilwa district committee started with Executive Director Maimuna Mtanda explaining the objectives of the session then the auditor read out the report for them .
this special council is to debate the proposals of the auditor C_A_G that he has gone through .
<no-speech>
after going through them they have provided the opinions on what to be done .
the committee to pay an amount of ten million to civil servants who retired died and even who resigned from job .
instead of this money being returned into the treasury against the direction of minute number C_A three hundred and one stroke three hundred and thirty-four stroke (()) one %incomplete
speaking at that session the head of Lindi province Ludovick Mwanzela has been angered by the executive committee of Kilwa district for using money for development projects for their private interest instead of helping the citizens .
the money that was transferred from development fund to normal use without following the procedure I ask that this matter be the last -- the first and the last .
<no-speech>
I don't want to come to hear again .
<no-speech>
the committee don't do the job of transferring money to go into miscellaneous expenditures .
which were planned for development projects of the committee you are taking them into other expenditures so that (()) how will people pay for maintenance ?
let them go to a trip ?
following that waste of money the head of the province instructed the Kilwa accountant to check out the ghost workers so that the legal action is taken against them .
go and investigate so that you know who died who migrated and who did what .
some quit jobs some are truants but the salary comes and goes .
provide the report on involved areas so that money returns to the treasury .
we cannot continue with this game they are thieves .
and when we know who is involved here even those responsible .
very well .
on his side the interim managing secretary of Lindi province Abdul Dachi has said those are government instructions and therefore they work on them .
therefore we will follow up and work on them and be discovered because already the instructions have been produced anyone who goes against the practices of the financial rule of law action should be taken against them .
Martina Ngulumbi reporting from Kilwa T_B_C .
<no-speech>
yes .
<no-speech>
the upper part of Mtambano mosque in Kinondoni_B Dar es Salaam city was burned by fire that caused a lot of destruction in that mosque and the school area .
the fire that started yesterday evening was unable to be contained quickly because of the fast spread of that fire .
the cause of that fire is said to be electric fault that started in the girls' dormitory in the Mingumoni Muslim secondary school that is located inside that mosque of Mtambani .
reports are saying that the upper part of that mosque which was used as the dormitory of the students of the school -- of that school of Ngumoni Muslim secondary school the laboratories together with teacher's office have been burned completely there was nothing that was able to be salvaged .
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
they cannot .
(()) office is there (()) end of the news report and this is T_B_C .
