prostitution .
<no-speech>
Amos Kiando is a teacher at Dar es Salaam airport primary school .
he says the government has a responsibility of doing it since it has great power if it genuinely decides to do away with this issue .
first the government should work diligently on this issue .
in the past I would see certain vehicles passing and gathering them to try and have seminars with them .
the government can totally have seminars with teachers evangelists and several other servants .
in order to be able to eliminate this problem I ask the government to work keenly to eliminate the problem .
as government it has more power than the authorities to be able to arrest maybe those who peddle themselves and take legal action against them if required .
because who are the customers to those peddling themselves out there ?
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
it is people like me .
<no-speech>
it is a father like me .
and I have a daughter who's in school .
now I am trying to ask myself .
I can go ahead and take Glory's or someone's child .
a young girl the same age as yours who is in school .
now I don't know how you'll advise that one of yours who is in school ?
now that's the thing that's causing confusion .
I think even we who are customers we get to a stage where we respect our marriages we stop going (()) because she has reached where she will miss .
she won't go to the market if she misses .
and if it's the majority are those of us parents who saw our children (()) are the facilitators of this if they sit until evening and in the morning they see no business they don't go there mm .
therefore in one way or another we are contributors .
and we expect that because we have the desire for -- the desire of our bodies of being unable to -- to -- desist or these days you say flings are not very .
and when we fling let's respect our families .
let's respect our marriage .
and even we should be ashamed .
you're looking here what is the child's age group -- so viewer you have heard .
