we have seen Nash and now the topic continues .
there are two issues and the first issue is that many Tanzanians don't have safety education .
if we get safety education we'll know the harm that can appear even if you see me and it finds you without safety education that's a major problem .
and safety doesn't start with an individual it starts with yourself .
we continue and it is now time to get a solution .
what should happen for them to move ?
I know we have talked about this -- this program has been on air for four years (()) and we've talked about it this topic of discussion twice but still (()) still good ?
let's take the army the old man gets beaten poison there breaker guards are there what can he do ?
someone said F_F_U should be taken there to remove them .
what I think should happen there so that citizens should not like very much to stay in the valleys because they are argumentative and difficult to understand government should use force .
because we see their effects they are becoming -- how can force be used ?
they should just use government force and if possible take the army there to dismantle those houses to look like there were no houses at all .
because you can chase those ones and leave the houses there .
the solution I think is rather the houses be demolished and then people are taken there (()) because for example like me the day before yesterday I was in the storied buildings there .
people have had their houses built and each person has been given seventy iron sheets (()) bricks one hundred cements do you understand ?
a section of other people immediately have decided to sell cement iron sheets others have on their own decided to sell small houses -- that benefit them .
but I see the (()) government's force deciding to say directly that all houses should be built in one size until now (()) .
have you understood ?
now even if you said you'd leave someone there for example in the valley areas maybe he'll return to his home because he had already sold items like iron sheets bricks and also sold the cement .
have you understood ?
therefore what is happening there is that provided if the house he has (()) because if you have been given land there then the houses are just demolished so that it is seen that there is nothing there .
because when you give someone maybe that house for example you have given him land and then while he continues living here (()) to sell means that there you haven't done anything that .
we have come to the end of the second topic of discussion .
I see many solutions that have been given the government should be involved awareness should be given and at the end of the day that if you're found there you can't even go to prison .
but at the end of the day I think there is a major economic reason that we haven't talked about but many have small incomes .
there the rooms are small small the infrastructure is poor what but people see it's better because of their incomes they live there .
but let me not cause death in your life .
me by my perspective Dan I see that when we do research this very saddening thing and the major effect has been death .
I was looking at a picture I see bodies of small children are removed bodies of adult people bodies of old people are removed .
for real it is saddening .
therefore try and move if you have the ability to move .
if you have the ability look for not financially if you are able to even return to the village for awhile or go live at your brother's look for another alternative of moving from the valley .
we have come to the end of the program as you -- %incomplete
