the best rice cultivation.
Imani Lubaba.
rice is among the most widely cultivated produce in the world and is also among the most popular products for people from their food and delicious juice.
today I will give you a guide on how to cultivate rice like an expert so as to harvest a lot of produce with value.
always prepare the field well it's a basic thing to grow without preparing your field well you can't harvest quality products.
also there are special steps which a person must follow in order to have quality product.
1. cleaning the field.
this is the very first step, you are needed to gather all the waste and crop residues and dumb it in the field so as to prepare for a nutrient fertilizer.
once in a while you can collect garbage and burn them whenever it's needed but because burning kills friendly pests.
2. farming.
this can work using a hand hoe, a tractor and a plow drawn by a cow.
cultivation helps the fertilizer to mix well, good root penetration, good air penetration in the ground as well as water.
you are required to dig 10-15cm and also it will help in weeds not to sprout early.
3. making canals.
here you have to make solid barriers to help the water not to penetrate out of the canal and the barriers should be long enough to ensure enough water is stored inside the canal.
4. mixing up.
in mixing up you should put 3-5 cm of water above sea level and then stir it to enable the water and soil to be well mixed.
this can be done with a hand hoe, a tractor, and also a plow drawn by a cow.
5. leveling the farm
after mixing up you need to level so that the soil can have the same level and this can be done using a rake.
this helps in planting too for reasons it grows in one shape.
6. transplantation of rice.
to obtain a lot of yield and to make rice farming beneficial, it is important for farmers to focus on this important approach and to abandon arbitrary cultivation by directing seed directly into the field.
in addition, farmers who follow this principles have achieved great success.
profits that are found from transplanting rice.
the farmer is usually able to choose the best and good seedling while they're in the nursery.
the seedlings grow quickly and healthier.
small amount of seeds is required.
the harvest becomes much.
methods of transplanting rice.
transplanting in rows.
transplanting without following rows (anyhow).
transplanting in rows is the best method because it facilitates in weeding and harvesting and you will get good returns because you planted in measurements.
preparations for transplanting seedlings.
prior to transplanting seedlings in the field it is important to make the following preparations:
watering the seedlings to make it easy to uproot them.
in order to prevent the seedlings from breaking, the seedlings should be uprooted by holding them from bottom of the stem.
avoid uprooting several seedlings at the same time.
seedlings should be packaged into small portions so as to facilitate transportation and transplanting in the field
select good seedlings only.
characteristics of good seedlings
they should be of the same length
they should have short and turgid leaves, many and healthy roots not damaged by pests or diseases.
how to transplant seedlings.
seedlings should be held with three fingers as shown in the picture below.
transplant between 2 -3 seedlings per hole.
for better results, the seedlings should be transplanted in the depth of 2-3 cm.
I hope you have learned and known more about rice farming let us meet again next time.
