understand the behavior of men who have artistic love.
in the daily love life, there are those who are pained time and again and complain as if love wasn't made to be enjoyable but painful and just blamable for them.
unfortunately, many who are in this group are the female gender.
many have significantly been combated by these troubles because of not understanding some of the behaviors of the second gender which largely seems to every time hurt the others.
this painful and deception situation in love is there for all who are in marriage and unfortunately many have decided to simplify it by finding comfort on the side.
this condition has really degraded the value of those in these marriages. these days, they call them "MBA" and this is not masters in business administration but "married but available" meaning he or she is married but available any time you need a lover.
many are just in marriages these days so as to protect respect and avoid the disgrace of divorce while love to them already became open business.
Alexander, an American relationships expert when interviewed by the CNN television station revealed that, women are the ones who seemed to have many relationships outside than men and the difference present between them and the men suffering is that, they are experts in keeping secrets of what is happening.
meaning that, it is easy to catch a man cheating in love than a woman, although it is said that women have a reason for everything they do, different from men who can go outside for love without even a reason.
you will find that every time they are caught, they will have very many reasons to defend themselves, some which are headless and legless.
they become people who hide what they are doing, concealing their deception and striving to control their inner feelings of accusation (guilty) which is caused by the truth that they have a relationship on the side.
in this accusatory feeling, sometimes they become frequently moody or irritated by even small things and quarrel for very common things.
so as to help you, I would like to give you a few traits of men with artistic love.
from the experience I get in handling people's relationships and psychological problems, I have discovered that many targeted by the effects of these behaviors are those who get into or are in relationships with married men.
the first trait:
they are permanently people who really avoid giving or receiving presents. they are clever in a way of convincing you to know that they were created like that, and that they are ready to do bigger things in love but not for presents, but the truth is that they are avoiding conditions which will make them suspicious to their wives or another side lover.
you know in gifts, many things can happen. others have been caught with receipts of purchases made and others have been asked when they bought a shirt. or, how comes I don't know of that perfume, where did it come from?
therefore, be very attentive when you see this sign in your love.
