is a contest between Shitambala and Mbilinyi
September 23, 2015
with approximately 35 days remaining to vote, the contest in the Mbeya town region has remained between the member of parliament who finished his term, Joseph Mbilinyi, and Sambwee Shitambala.
those two contestants come from inside two major parties and with the greatest rivalry since the last general elections in the year 2010.
those parties are Chadema that is being represented by Mbilinyi and CCM that is being represented by Shitambala.
far from their party rivalry, those contestants themselves also have rivalry considering in the past elections, Shitambala vied for parliament for the region of Mbeya villages where after losing he removed himself and moved to CCM.
Shitambala knows well that his old party and he is quoted as saying, he knows the tactics that were used by that party to win in the last election.
even so, this year's election environment in that region has changed, the enmity that used to be in the party of the revolution is not there again.
political analysts of that region recognize that in this year's election the rivalry is big and there is no easy slope for both the parties like in the past election.
it is a choice that is defined to be more reluctant than any party will spy on.
in the past general election, Mbilinyi was not given a big chance of winning but he benefited from the troubles of CCM in that region where the camp of Thom Mwang'onda is claimed to be unsatisfied with the results of the opinion poll, that way deciding to punish their party by joining Chadema, a step that enabled Mbilinyi to emerge victorious.
despite the crisis benefiting Chadema, the power of his presidential candidate in the polls, Doctor Wilbrod Slaa, is also said to contribute significantly to building the party in the region and the Mbeya Region.
"people believed in Doctor Slaa, he has a great convincing ability he, had great energy and he could order people to do anything and do," says one Chadema leader in Mbeya province but requested his name protected.
there are no such environments this year, that party will be forced to do extra work to succeed in continuing to hold on that region that is among the important regions in the national politics.
the divisions that were in CCM which eased Chadema's capture of that region is not there again and Doctor Slaa is not with that party again.
troubles resulting from opinion polls are affecting both two parties and for Chadema it is their first test they were not used to, a person joined and was given a chance of vying for a parliamentary position without causing divisions.
this time they have entered into the campaign divided again after the opinion polls, those who lost blaming dirty game including the huge usage of money.
in the time Chadema are tackling the discomfort of dispute-based conflicts, their opponents have taken rest, the state of hostility is very different from the previous election.
in developments that even the leaders of that party did not expect groups did not come out after opinion polls and now they are united in the campaign.
the step by members to publicly oppose the coming of some of the politicians from CCM with an aim of being given a chance to contest for leadership, councilor up to the presidency, is message enough that this year, things aren't easy like they were back then.
Mwanjelwa aching the heads of the contestants
among the areas that are causing headaches to the contestants is the business area of Mwanjelwa. it is a more strategic area with influence to other areas of Mbeya.
it is an area that integrates all the city's inhabitants, spending most of their time in the city.
one of the CCM party members who contested to be selected by that part for the parliamentary position, Ulimboka Mwakili, says that if you catch Mwanjelwa, you have also held part of Iyela ward, among the biggest wards in that region with very many voters.
in addition to Iyela, you also get to have a big influence in wards of Luanda Nzovwe, Isanga and Ilemi, wards also with many voters.
in addition to many voters, they are areas whose residents are not people with attachment to parties, but decide according to the persuasion of the contestants, on personality and his ability to tackle challenges.
are unpredictable voters.
Mwanjelwa, particularly the Kabwe area has become a major stronghold of Mbilinyi since the end of the 2010 general election, whereby that Chadema contestant could issue any order and it is implemented, and to reach a step of the government fearing that area.
