in the second part we look at what has occurred in the coastal region of Kenya where in Mombasa the lovers of R_and_B music are expecting this weekend to be of great entertainment because a very famous American artist among some of his fans in the company of his counterpart from the African continent will entertain they have -- ahh those fans in the region .
there -- let's listen to the music a little bit from -- this artist who is Chris Brown from here in the United States then we join with our colleague in Mombasa Liberty Adede .
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
yeah .
it is the voice of the musician Chris Brown a native here in the United States who is touring the African continent particularly in the region of -- Coast of Kenya .
and today in the morning our Mombasa correspondent has brought us report -- Liberty Adede about that tour .
Liberty you are on phone .
first of all tell us where he is holding this event or where is he performing his music and who is accompanying him and then address the challenges and benefits that arise .
ahh (()) thank you very much Mombasa for this opportunity we are partying and dancing this weekend as the Tanzanians say .
partying and dancing because Chris Brown is expected in Kenya and specifically in Mombasa town .
though till now he is yet to arrive .
we checked on the page of -- or on his Twitter page he showed us that already his private jet is ready we were expecting him here in Kenya but until now he is yet to arrive .
though we have been proven to and assured that he will be present for the performance show here tomorrow at the grounds known as Mombasa Golf Club which is near the beach in the area of -- of -- of Mombasa island .
Chris Brown is expected to perform there come tomorrow in the company of the musician from -- from Nigeria Wizkid .
then again there is also the legendary artist like the one from Tanzania Ali Kiba .
there are artists from Uganda like artist such as Bebe Cool will be coming to Kenya together with Vanessa Mdee an artist from Tanzania among other artists like Nazizi of here in Kenya Jua Cali and the likes of Susumila who are -- are based here in the Coastal area .
and everyone is set people are prepared with all sorts of excitement %incomplete
yeah yeah .
and in the course of preparation Dede the issue that has also arisen there are those who say would really like to attend that music festival but the cost is high .
and this is a report that some of -- the Kenyans that you talked to we will play for our listeners to get to hear what some say about that situation .
why don't you do important things sir ?
that to see someone ?
if I get an opportunity to go I will go .
but not that I pay my ten thousand shillings to go and see someone .
I better use that money to do other important activities .
if I try to estimate paying ten thousand to only see a musician who stands at the stage for minutes -- maybe for ten minutes and he will sing songs that have been recorded it won't be live .
what can you do with ten thousand shillings you Kenyan youth ?
I will pay with it rent .
according to me I perceive he is wasting my time to entertain his inner self .
even if it is ten thousand shillings it is very nice on the surface .
the situation is for the reds .
but he eats other foods such as chicken fish any sea food .
your native is Coast .
will you prepare a coastal dish for him ?
he must test our dishes .
yesterday I went to Marikiti went to -- to buy some few commodities and also show him our dishes .
as a Kenyan first I'm very happy that's why I also accepted this work now Adede we have -- I hear we've got only one minute .
let's finish by explaining are those with this perception the majority of Kenyans or the just a few of them but will many Kenyans be able to attend ?
B_M_J are the majority .
as the saying trending in Kenya goes some people are eating meat while others are salivating or as others desire so these are the majority the penniless .
but I am trying tirelessly together with the chief or -- or -- or senior editor who supervisors the department of V_O_A who is based in this area to examine and get to know if we will be able to attend this show which is a big showdown as they say themselves to be able to attain .
but many Kenyans are saying I count my money one two three to ten ?
I better go pay fees or pay rent or initiate a development project .
