at your place .
<no-speech>
as I see this iron box is close to the curtain .
pardon ?
is this not a curtain ?
mm .
no .
this is a curtain but down here is a piece of cloth .
<no-speech>
where lower again is another piece of cloth .
<no-speech>
down here is a piece of metal .
but logically that for example it is not you maybe your sons or children because this is a place to straighten .
mm .
he will come and see this too plugged here but this is -- this is a sponge mattress .
pardon .
doesn't someone sit on this ?
there is a sponge inside but also this a cloth logically possibly it is not there maybe it has been put here today accidentally .
<no-speech>
but the boy passed and straightened -- kept on straightening here .
something happened out there .
pardon .
I know when he grows up he will remember but if he is like of a certain age he might hear there is a commotion out there while stretching and this too becomes this way .
being able to go out there depends on if he had -- had set it on very little heat and has his thermostat . there is something in here which breaks when you overheat there is somewhere you chose the level of heat that I want to stretch using a certain amount of heat .
so it cuts %incomplete when it lowers so much it connects .
but you can find an iron box whose functionality is dead .
it means that when he keeps it this way then maybe it happens that there are people passing by and they distract him to go and see them the iron box will keep on heating -- will keep on heating -- will keep on heating to a level of heat that it's supposed to light .
<no-speech>
when it will have burnt this curtain and that one catches on .
but there are some couches that have sponge inside when he comes he will find the curtain has already caught the ceiling board and it is itself burning meaning everything in here has caught fire .
except in different heat conditions .
the wood will have its heat level and this cloth will have its heat level .
if it will have -- they cooperate in lighting the fire ?
they all cooperate .
really .
when they will come here they will find the whole house full of smoke eh and unfortunately we have not looked if there is an emergency door for those inside to exit from the back %incomplete
therefore everyone coming from inside will call smoke has filled in here will be going back inside .
those outside and the owners will not be able to get in .
will anyone get out ?
<no-speech>
and no one gets in .
tell me lady .
no one gets out and no one gets in there .
we therefore would like that when you are doing this tasks you are a grown up of age -- of a child should do his work to completion .
and when he is done he should switch it off .
he unplug it .
but also when he finishes there is a position it is supposed to be in .
pardon ?
there is a part it is supposed to be in no .
it is put down and very far from things that can catch fire .
it stays that way because if you turn it that way %incomplete
it will therefore keep on cooling -- it will cool .
therefore everything stays safe .
this -- I have accepted today's lesson and I think it will just have a good message .
anyone who has electrical appliances should be careful .
more this will help a lot if you spread this knowledge to the whole country .
most of those affected do not know .
but for example I did not know that when you iron close to the window it can bring problems .
even though I switch off power it can happen as you have said a grandchild can come and switch it on as he does not understand .
where the fire comes from .
and I will try to change the system -- the system of -- the domestic wiring system .
it is important to set electricity infrastructure in relation to the needs of a house in order to ensure safety in the use of electricity .
that cropped electricity (()) .
