to you (()) my brother welcome Ulisha Francis .
thank you broadcaster .
from these details we are saying that a witch should be found if one team between Yanga and Simba is defeated .
we must first look at the meaning of a witch .
when we look at the meaning of witchcraft we find that witchcraft is that state of a person or people to believe in superstitions .
but here when we look at these teams we're looking for big causes which gets one team defeated .
therefore what I can say is that the witchcraft is being sought to especially look at just two reasons .
let me start with the first reason .
the first reason is the size of these teams the size of the Simba and Yanga teams .
historically we have two teams here in Tanzania Simba and Yanga which are the very big teams .
so now the size of these teams cause one team to continue being viewed as bigger than the other .
so when one is defeated they start coming up with clues on why it was defeated just to satisfy the fans but they can't accept that they were already defeated .
therefore they start witch hunt to look into the failures of these teams .
they start looking for a coach maybe that's why they are looking at the striker who -- caught by the magic who are being targeted by my defense fans are being targeted by magic goalkeeper you are starting to be searched for this team that will be defeated .
therefore from the size of these teams if one comes to drop after being on top they will start looking for excuses .
and the biggest intent is to just satisfy the fans that they lost because certain reasons so that people can continue believing that their team is better but they don't like accepting the weakness .
but the second reason on why these teams witch hunt is to just build their trust with fans .
can the dear broadcaster and other sports stakeholders agree that supporters -- supporters are the biggest crown to a team ?
now a supporter is like a child .
when there comes a time when his team is defeated he can change mind -- he can change suddenly and move from one team to another and another one can be so hurt to the level of death .
we have witnessed people fainting on the pitches because of their teams losing .
so now in order to protect supporters from moving and to protect -- to manage the hurting of supporters into a normal state the leaders and the whole technical bench must start giving basic reasons that they lost because of certain reasons .
the intent is to cling onto those supporters so that they can continue supporting that team .
thank you dear broadcaster .
thank you so much (()) .
