the government launches a special program to improve health.
written by Lucy Lyatuu.
published: 27th October 2016.
the government has launched a special program nationwide for improving healthcare known as the 1000 days package that will be used to implement various nutritional problems in the country with a purpose to reducing children nutritional disorders and insufficient blood in pregnant and breastfeeding women.
the 1,000 days package is a facilitative tool that uses various ways of communication aimed to influence behavioral changes and attitudes about nutrition in the community, creating awareness of the responsibility of parents and guardians who are within the first 1,000 days of human life that are counted since conception until the baby attains two years old.
at the launch of that plan, yesterday in Dar es Salaam city, the Permanent Secretary, Office of the President, regional administration and local government (TAMISEMI), Doctor Chainab Chaula said the 1000-days package will be introduced by the government as a special national package.
she said a program developed by the Good Start Nutrition project in collaboration with the Tanzania Food and Nutrition Center (TFNC) worked in six regions in the country that also helped to alleviate the problem of nutritional disorders.
regarding nutritional disorders, Doctor Chaula said it was an invisible phenomenon, although it is a threat to social, economic and need to be addressed and a solution found.
she said the government is planning to coordinate efforts made by stakeholders in the fight against any kind of nutritional disorders in the country.
she said the 1,000 days package will be used by various stakeholders as district and regional nutrition officials, community health workers to stimulate positive behavior aimed at reducing the problem of blood insufficiency in pregnant and breastfeeding mothers and nutritional disorders for children under the age of two.
she said emphasis has been placed on improving work and roles in society that are crucial in reducing nutritional disorders for mothers and children.
the executive director of the Food and Nutrition Institute, Doctor Joyce Kaganda said the 1,000 days package has six rooms each with a special identification mark, each room has been preserved with various publications promoting actions and positive nutritional behavior at each stage of growth development of the child.
