Wariona names Mwalimu Nyerere's betrayers
former Constitution Review Commission chairman Judge Joseph Warioba has said politicians who blame him for betraying the Father of the Nation Mwalimu Julius Nyerere about the union are the betrayers since they inserted into the constitution things that contradict the agreements of the union.
Judge Warioba has said that the betrayal includes the Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar removing the Union Parliament's authority in making the law, recognizing Zanzibar as an independent country and adding things about the Union without following the constitution.
he has given that statement following a streak of slander and insults that have been thrown his way by some of the representatives of the Special Parliament for the Constitution from CCM and some of the government leaders after the Commission he led suggested a three government system.
speaking two nights ago on a 45 minute program that is broadcast by the ITV Channel, Judge Warioba said the leaders from both sides of government who are blaming him are the ones that disrupted the Union.
"Mwalimu left Parliament with full authority, he left one country, he left 11 items of the Union now there are 22, luckily president Jakaya Kikwete explained in parliament that how those items were increased," he said and added:
"in determining the increase in the items of the Union is how it was reducing the authority of Zanzibar, 11 items that were left by Mwalimu were inserted constitutionally but these additional ones were inserted unofficially."
Judge Warioba said that during his lifetime, Mwalimu Nyerere respected and protected that constitution, the ones who broke it are the betrayers.
"now between myself and them, who is Mwalimu's betrayer, had he (Mwalimu) been here, who would have appeared as the betrayer of the Union Government?
it is they who have disrupted. what Mwalimu left is different with what is seen now," said Judge Warioba.
about parliament
Judge Warioba said many development plans made in the Union Parliament are executed on the mainland only.
"not only that, that parliament only discusses issues concerning the mainland and does not include the Zanzibar side.
Zanzibar on its side also just discusses its own affairs and decides on its own but the name of that parliament is Union," said Judge Warioba.
from this environment, Judge Warioba said Zanzibar decided to remove that parliament's authority in the making of the laws through the Zanzibar House of Representatives.
the constitution of the United Republic says that laws that are made inside that parliament are used on both sides of the Union, but Zanzibar changed that through their constitution and said that all laws made in that parliament must also pass through the House of Representatives," and added: "they (Zanzibar) did not stop there, they made a constitutional review in 2010 that dismantled the constitution recognizing Zanzibar as an independent country, removed the Union's president's authority to establish districts and provinces in Zanzibar contrary to the Union's constitution, and for that reason Zanzibar broke down the powers of the Union parliament."
moreover, he said that the action seemed to practically break down the Union after removing the president's powers and recognize two full presidents in two different countries.
"normally, a country has one commander in chief who receives the 21 gun salute, the Union Army salutes two presidents, something that is impossible," he said.
Tanzanian's complaints
Judge Warioba said Tanzania mainland on its side determined the Tanganyikan's complaints to include missing several opportunities in Zanzibar.
"people from the mainland on their part say that Zanzibar takes part in the Union parliament, inspects mainland projects and questions them but they do not have the power to take get involved those things on the Zanzibar side," he said.
he added: "even worse, they say that Zanzibaris can own land and get citizenship in the mainland but those rights cannot be found by a Tanganyikan, the only way we saw it's good Zanzibar too should bring its issues inside the union but it was impossible".
the issue of statistics
Judge Warioba wanted parliamentarians to not be bothered with statistics and instead to answer questions that arise from the partners in the Union.
"statistics are not a problem. we have not done a new thing but it was only just as a repeat of the Nyalali Commission. those who question those statistics, did they not see a fault in the opinion statistics of the 20 percent in Judge Nyalali?
he said that his Commission went round the whole country accompanied by clerks who recorded on tape, video and writing for the purpose of keeping archives in the Commissions website.
