the chief chemist to investigate those with two organs.
written by Angela Semaya, Dodoma.
published: 15th September 2016
orders of laboratory for senior chief of government, it will have power and authority of investigating people with two private parts and to differentiate which is stronger than the other.
the 2016 Laboratory Authority of the Chief Government Chemist bill, that was passed the other night at ten o'clock in parliament gives the chief chemist the authority to investigate and identity a person's sex and solving controversies in the person who will have been born with two sexes.
"honorable members of parliament I see many of you think the chief chemist's work is to investigate genes to identify the legitimacy of the parent and the child, because I see many members of parliament are supporting that, but gene technology also concerns the identification of gender, people you find women or men who are born with male and female sexual organs, therefore we look at which gene is dominant," said the Minister for Health, Social Development, Gender, Elders and Children, Ummy Mwalimu.
Ummy was responding to the contributions of parliamentarians who contributed during discussion of the Chief Chemist Laboratory's Billing Authority in 2016 before the passing of the bill the previous night, the ones who wanted the laboratory's authority to educate citizens about its activities.
he said because of that law, now the chief chemist through his laboratory he is able to say how female or male are the ones with strengthen, but there is also a question of ensuring of recognition of a human being especially when disaster occurs in addition to when people travel in groups.
he agreed with the parliamentarians that there is a need to educate the citizens about the work of the laboratory of the chief chemist, where many of them think, does the work is to identify the genetic relationship of a parent and child, but now they should understand even those who were born with two genders can be able to solve that problem by showing clearly the dominant gene or the stronger gene, if it's male or female.
he said the laboratory of the chief chemist of the government has been there from 1890 and it has been a government tool for investigation of biochemistry in laboratory in different products and in addition that it has been investigation food chemistry, drugs and cosmetics especially when there is a controversy or involvement of questions on criminal cases.
while explaining more, he said on the side of the food and drug authority (TFDA) they are working on quality regulatory of food, drugs and cosmetics and the laboratory works on investigative chemistry.
the chief chemistry laboratory work is to do chemistry research, genetic, criminal and scientific sciences.
this organ doesn't measure control, instead, it conducts investigations for national interest or controversial issues and competitiveness," said the minister.
giving the example of the maize, he said there was a problem of the blight poison, therefore the chief chemist is doing a laboratory examination and says, they have found that the maize has poison or not, or a trader may bring the baby's milk to TFDA and it get's trouble, the chief chemist will do a laboratory examination and say if there is poison or there are chemicals that are not safe for human use.
after the laboratory examination, whoever has the mandate of saying that this maize should not be sold or these milk should not be sold is TFDA and not the laboratory of the chief chemist.
"just as a trader can bring a product, TFDA has doubts about it, in that, this owner of the product can appeal to the chief chemist so that his product can be tested to prove to the TFDA that his product is safe," he said.
Minister Ummy was responding to the concerns of the members of parliament, who were afraid that the chief chemist's laboratory would interfere with institutions such as the TFDA and the Tanzania Bureau of Standards (TBS).
he also spoke of giving the final authority to the laboratory, saying that in all nations of the world with those laboratories, the government should have a final spokesperson for investigations on laboratory issues, genetics, criminology and criminal cases, but also does not refute the law or other investigation laboratories initiated in accordance with various laws.
in terms of allocating enough budget, Ummy said the government had received opinions of the members of parliament and having passed the bill, the laboratory has been granted a status of authority and has now been awarded a status and so its role must be good for running laboratory operations but also employing 400 staff as present 192 are not enough.
Minister Ummy said they have received the advice of the parliamentary standing committee to investigate the use of shisha and added that already the government chemist did an investigation and identified that shisha users mix it with bhang, heroine and that's why the government has prohibited its use.
however, he said that it will be more responsible to investigate so as to identify which level of additives are found in shisha and why the government should continue to ban the use of shisha in the country.
