CCM Mwanza still battling Aug 11, 2012
the conflict involving the chairman of the committee of Misungwi district and his party CCM, has taken a new turn now as expressed that he has refused to resign as had been called to following that the removal is related to the upcoming election battle for the party chairman in the province.
news received by 'Raia Mwema' newspaper says that the chairman of that committee Bernard Polycarp has defied the command of his party at the district and provincial level that wants him to resign as the chairman of the committee because he was associated with abuse of the committee's funds as part of working on the strategy of his group approaching the elections of the CCM party chairman in the province.
the source of news inside that party has explained that there is a tough tug-of war in contesting for the post between the current chairman Clement Mabina and one veteran who was once a holder of many political positions and the government including being a minister is supported by Polycarp.
"the situation in the party is complex.
it has been affected a great deal by the conflict over camps that are scrambling for party chairmanship in the coming elections.
even this situation of the chairman of the Misungwi committee has already been grabbed and put into campaign.
it is now part of the agenda for soliciting for votes" explained our source.
it is explained that the chairman has refused to respect the terms of the party to resign from the position in the committee to give the chairman of the party hard time, whose camp believes that the decisions of the party were influenced by fear of the current chairman's inability to defend his position and therefore to reduce the power of the opponents camp.
but when chairman Mabina himself was asked about that state he expressed that the party's stand remains regardless of the accusations those who are defending themselves use and the party won't wave.
when he was asked about the emphasize of taking a step against the chairman whether it had a personal agenda politically, particularly to protect his position so as to reduce the power of fellow contestants politically, he said whatever he did was to stand firm for the party and not to protect extravagant people.
"I don't care what they say.
but even if it is being a chairman I cannot be a chairman in a province with extravagance.
if workers governed by the party will be of this kind I better not be a chairman," said Mabina.
he insisted that his and his colleague's work is to stand for the party's constitution and if there are any who think that doing that is carrying a personal agenda against his opponents politically, then it is better they do not elect him.
"in building a stable party we must get to a point of taking decisions that not everyone will be pleased with.
if you want to please everyone you might fail to lead, and if the party makes decisions I stand with them without care if they will vote me or not," he insisted.
when he was talking about the requirement for him to resign from his party if it had any relationship with elections, Polycarp said he is scared to look like he is wrestling with his chairpersons because that might confuse the party members, something that will be out of order in the party.
but adding that the feelings can be built by people because the environments of the party political committees in districts and province that go to a decision of removing him as the chairperson are doubted if they followed the constitution because they had influence.
"they did not respect the party constitution.
when a person is accused he is called to the party's ethical committees.
together with my accusations the procedures were not observed, they were decisions for people's interests, that is why they are associated with the oncoming party elections," he said.
as that continued, there had been some disagreements about the fate of the chairman who together with his party announcing revocation of his party sponsorship certificate which sponsored him to contest for chairmanship of the committee, according to the party, he is losing the qualities of being the chairman of the committee, he has emphasized he is still the chairman.
recently the secretary for campaigns for the CCM party in Mwanza province, Simon Mangelepa, told news reporters that the party has has stripped the leader of the chairmanship of the institution for the party's direction in the district and province asking him to resign voluntarily from the position so as to preserve the party's dignity.
when he was asked what the meaning of the party decision as the chairman he still claims to be the chairman of the party when the party announced to remove him from that position and if he does not see the silence of the party on the misconceptions degrades the party, chairman Mabina said that the party has fulfilled its responsibility other items should also start from there.
"as the party we have revoked the sponsorship that made him chairman and we have already given a statement to relevant parties including the assistant director for the institution.
it is upon those who are in the government now to take the necessary steps, the party is not involved with our sponsorship with him again, it is upon them there in the government," said Mabina and added that in a normal state if the party denies any leader sponsorship it goes upon the government and particularly the relevant minister to take action.
more reports explain that last week the chairman who was denied sponsorship by his party called for a finance committee meeting which was however postponed and held later under the vice-chairman, while other reports explaining that the deputy director of the department Pius Chembo prevented the first meeting.
when he was later asked about the meeting dispute and stopping the chairman, deputy director Chembo said: "I have not handled that issue.
I beg that you have some patience I am currently not in office I am on a trip in Arusha."
when talking on the issue, Polycarp said that he called for the first meeting and it was postponed because ordinary reasons just like other meetings are postponed and when the second meeting was called he was on a journey and therefore it force his vice to lead the meeting.
when asked for how long they will be at tag-of- war with his party, he explained that he cannot fight with his party except what is happening is a strategy for a few people's interest and not the party.
"I do not defy for my own benefit.
it is for the benefit of the party.
when I see that the interests of the party are in danger, I will resign immediately.
but as it is now this decision is made for the benefit of few, if it is wasteful, why don't they leave it for dollar instruments?
why is the Bahi member of parliament (Omar Badwel) is accused for bribery but is still a member of parliament, what is there that is special about the Misungwi chairmanship?
he cautioned his party to be keen with the decisions it makes since they might turn and bite the party in future especially in this multi-party political system.
"so now the punishment for squandering of five billion shillings is just being stripped of chairmanship and representation remains?
if Chadema comes here in 2015 and say your chairman squandered five billion and was stripped of chairmanship and representation remained, will the citizens understand the party?" questioned Polycarp and insisted that dollar instruments be left in place to work.
