national news .
President Jakaya Kikwete is tomorrow expected to launch the third phase of the Jamie TASAF development fund which will be implemented for a period of three years at a cost of one point zero seven billion American dollars .
Kulinge Mungi gives more information .
<no-speech>
<no-speech>
while speaking to journalists in Dodoma the managing director of TASAF Mister Ladislaus Mwamanga has said that this third phase will aim at promoting the benefits realized during the second phase by enabling poor homesteads to increase income and the opportunity to uplift their level of consumption .
because we have been in TASAF for close to twelve years .
but if you check poverty is still there people %incomplete
are the people who received all the most important services but they still don't go to %incomplete
<no-speech>
to use those important services .
children who are supposed to be in school do not go but feel it's better for them to sell groundnuts in the neighborhoods children are supposed to be -- to go for checkups in their dispensaries which TASAF has helped the citizens to build with the government and concerned sector but still children do not go there and therefore for now this program is trying to see if these people get education and in good health the development activities might %incomplete
according to this director TASAF's executive the third phase will be implemented in two phases of five years each whereby the money for the first phase has been availed through the Tanzanian government and the country's well-wishers .
he has clarified that the Tanzanian government has already contributed thirty million dollars World Bank has given two hundred and twenty dollars the England Development Agency D_F_I_D sixteen million dollars the Spanish government six million and the American Citizens' Development Agency U_S_A_I_D have contributed nine hundred thousand for the purpose of strengthening TASAF's systems .
during the second phase of TASAF a total of two thousand five hundred projects worth three hundred and twenty billion shillings will be implemented .
from Dodoma this is Kulinge Mongi .
experts and %incomplete
