we have become people of 'quick quick' we shall be taught 'to be clever' September 14, 2012.
many agree that it's not good to be in a state of inferiority as a result of the smallness of a nation in a big country.
it's not good that the country has everything to make it develop into a great nation but its shying and portraying itself like a country with small numbers of people when small countries that have no resources like those look like great countries.
resources are in many forms and the uses can vary from country to country.
creativity in the use of the resources is what differentiates among countries with few resources but are developed and countries with more resources but they don't have that development.
I have been giving an example of success that Kenyans attain in sports (like the recent Olympics) while we have communities of individuals who resemble Kenyans and who live in similar environments to those of the Kenyan champions.
what contributes up to we don't do good is foolishness, confusion, corruption and not worrying anything together with the one of personal benefit.
I will give two or three examples concerning games, having faith that the foundation of progress is the same, either in games, to cultivate a vegetable garden or to prepare the experts of medicine.
the law is all the same.
I've ever been an officer in the games department in the government.
when I was joining the department I was very lucky to receive various youth (the likes of Matoke, the late Masanja et cetera) who had come from Cuba with good degrees in science and sports management.
I got a chance to learn a lot from them, showing content of the the curriculum that they had gone through.
there is no meaning to what they had taught me and other things in the life of a person or community: a must to start with young children while in the nursery by giving them early education and nurturing them slowly while getting used to their bodies and going on to develop physically and mentally.
it is a must to have acceptable teachers in the concerned stages, even if their knowledge is very basic, but there should be highly knowledgeable teachers as the classes climb and the children grow, until university, in the army and at work places and neighborhood.
there is need to invest and follow every step and evaluate the results now and then.
there must be enough pitches because of the daily exercises in the streets, schools, industries, army, villages et cetera.
it's a must to build a society that loves sports, a society of people who love to play games and body exercises.
such a society will support efforts of growing and parenting children in sports because this also has its own financial and time costs.
during the interview of the KITIMOTO program, I encountered fans who came from Saigon who had come to the studio to say the same nonsense: bring a European coach, put the youth in the camps for six months, we shall beat these Ugandans and Kenyans without any problem, then we're going to play the world cup.
what I was advising was that, we don't have an option but to make arrangements at different levels starting with the five-year-old children and move forward as we progress with age (U-14, U-17, U-21 and others) by putting in place various levels until they become adults, we invest tirelessly hoping that the youth we started with at the age of five will be 20 years after 15 years, and these should be the hope for going to the World Cup.
the Saigon fans shouted: who should wait for 15 years, sir?
you bring a white coach, place the boys in the camp, amazingly, they have forgotten that we have had white coaches (the likes of Celebic, Trautmann, Hudson et cetera) who didn't give as results such as Marijani Shaaban, Paul West Gwivaha and Joel Bendera.
remembrance many times get lost from people who don't bother looking for them.
another occasion was when I attended an international conference in one of the European nations accompanied by one of my superiors.
I found (or I thought I had found) the chance to meet and get acquainted with Charles Mukora, chairman of the Kenya Sports Council.
I asked him to allow me to send sports operators (coaches, administrator's, sports therapists et cetera) in his country to learn what Kenyans do that we do not do so we can succeed as they do because I did not see (and today still do not see) why they should succeed and we shouldn't.
Mukora received my request well and told me he would be ready to receive a delegation of 100 players, and he would distribute them in several areas for a period of one month so that they can see for themselves how Kenyans seek for, prepare and develop the talents of their players.
I returned to inform my boss on the agreement and I wanted to introduce him also to Mukora.
the answer from my boss was: You!
what will your people from Kenya offer you, aren't they poor like us?
find people from Europe who are wealthy, not those Kenyans, they are like us.
I give these examples as an illustration of the small capacity to think when discussing various issues, including sports.
sports often captures fan's emotions who more often believe that they are sports professionals but they are only fans.
when we want to develop games on fanaticism, we don't succeed because we think of highlights such as a foreign coach and a lot of money without thinking of strict planning and of long term.
when President Jakaya Kikwete asked Leodegar Tenga if he (Kikwete) would bring a foreign coach and pay him, Tenga would take us to Ghana (CAN's championship) and Tenga responded 'yes'.
what we witnessed is fanaticism (by believing that a foreign coach is the solution) and shame for the little (they were forced to agree on what he did not believe because of the television cameras that were gliding.
the new coach came, and the leader paid, but we did not go to Ghana, and it is likely that we will be listening and watching our fellow players as they go to CAN for a long time.
that is where they will meet my Saigon fans and the leaders of the country who believe that things can be done in a hurry and bear fruits when there is no sustainable strategy of advancing step by step.
we have become "fast fast" people and people who are told "be clever" instead of people who are conscious about plans that aim far.
that condition is emerging everywhere, in education (ward schools) agriculture (agriculture first), health (the cup of Loliondo, witchcraft) energy (Net Solution, Richmond), minerals (Barrick, Buzwagi, now gas), quick wealth (killing of albinos) and so forth.
we don't take time to think and we do our things as if we aren't here for a long time coming, but we pass as we are going to another place.
that's why our plans are "fast fast" and these days it has no life more than the remaining years before the coming election.
we have weakened ourselves psychologically such that we've returned to the mental slavery era of believing that without a European we can't do anything meaningful.
in our sensitive departments, it's seen children of the Europeans with faces showing they've not completed school well, that they call them CTA (Chief Technical Advisor) whose work is to advise our officers who worked for three decades and they've learned in schools that those kids have never dreamed they'll learn from.
this is how they provide guidelines from the world bank, IMF and other seniors who we call financiers, and our administrators receive it and implement.
these are the European coaches in the state operations.
in this way we have embarrassed ourselves, and we are continuing to embarrass ourselves.
in this manner we have given our resources to the whites because they're the ones that have all the brains and and we have carried heads to grow hair like one of the hair breeders said.
through this capital we are not going anywhere because of the development and we will remain as a big country in which every person looks only to see a small nation.
