ministers to continue stretch out with panels May 31, 2012.
among the leaders who will continue to use luxurious vehicles, famous as the squares are ministers and their assistants, is well known.
reports reaching us explain that ministers and assistant ministers will remain in the list of those who will use those vehicles due to the kind of performance in their activities which to a large extent involves trips in the citizens areas, in the villages.
further reports explain that the heads of departments are among the group of cadre which will be affected by this government decision which was officially announced by President Jakaya Kikwete to reduce the number of swarms, including the reduction of the number of vehicles that were expected to be ordered this year.
however, the assistant minister for Infrastructure, Hezekiah Chibulunje, refused to confirm that possibility for now insisting that he will be ready to that after the official copy about the issue is complete and presented in the ministers council.
according to Chibulunje, the ministry currently continues to prepare the copy with the aim of reducing the burden of government spend.
the step taken by the ministry is to implement the instruction of the President, Jakaya Kikwete, that in this financial year, the government will not buy cars as it is normal but instead it will buy few cars which are needed.
the funds that are expected to be saved from that decision by the government have been planned to import tractors so as to develop the agricultural sector in the country that is mentioned to employ more than 80 percent of citizens.
on Monday this week, while answering a question from the member of parliament of special seats, Lucy Owenya (Chadema), Chibulunje said the government has been buying the cars very expensive because of the ministry and its departments.
he defended the procedure saying that type of automobile is stable and can withstand long distances in rural areas, and that since those cars begun to be used in the country in late 1980s, the government has been assessing the cost of using those vehicles.
however, he said together with the stability the operating costs of these cars are double high as soon as they begin to get old.
in his reply, Chibulunje told the members of parliament that the document organized by his ministry would set the procedure for the use of such vehicles in the government by focusing on the position of the leaders.
at the end of last year, while in that meeting with the senior secretaries from various ministries together with the executive director, Philemon Luhanjo, in his office in Dar es Salaa city, the prime minister, Mizengo Pinda noted that the government planned to buy 800 of those expensive cars, and advised that it is mandatory to reduce the number, a step which was later supported by a special order from President Kikwete, in his last speech for the month of January.
