mention those different questions we are talking about now ?
right now Danny we are talking about the topic that says is it right to live as husband and wife without marriage ?
is it right to live as husband and wife without legal Islamic Christian or government marriage ?
this is a matter (()) love it or hate it are happening a lot in Swahili areas -- in the estates in the estates of ours even in white people's society .
and is the reason -- even white people's society also is the reason why the marriage laws of nineteen seventy-one chapter twenty-nine sub article nine translates that marriage is a union between -- of mutual consent between a man and a woman or woman and a woman with the main aim of living together in their lives .
and those marriages of one man or one woman or one man and many wives and your laws do not recognize marriage of one gender and homosexuality or lesbianism .
therefore that is why -- and this stand -- was put in place that year by by honorable Judge J . Maina in the year nineteen eighty-nine in the case of Ahmed Said Kidevu against Miss Sharifa Shamte .
they were meeting here .
yes -- they were living together %incomplete
this case I remember this of the attorney .
they had live together but when it reached the time they wanted to separate the man then said I have not married you because we never tied the marriage but they had lived together .
the woman says yes I am the wife because you have put me inside .
we have live with you for many years .
we have given birth to children .
therefore the last day then it came the ruling that husband when you live with a wife when you agree .
<no-speech>
and now there is another aspect the section of one hundred and sixty that -- it has put clarity when it is managed that a man and a woman has lived together as husband and wife let them follow all the marriage procedures .
<no-speech>
you see ?
you have lived as husband and wife even though you have not followed the marriage procedures but you have given marriage rights .
because what is marriage that we are translating now .
a girl thinks marriage that marriage is the agreement between these two people .
woman -- wife and husband .
(()) and hers husband his because when we look on the side of Muslims that a man is allowed to marry more than one wife .
it has a meaning are four wives .
up to four ?
yes yes it means that it is an agreement between a husband and a wife .
two sides agree .
it means that already there -- you have agreed or what ?
agree that you will live together in happiness and sorrow .
and for this marriage to be complete there must be that act .
it is a must that it happen if that already -- it has been made evident that you are -- are spouses and other things .
therefore there already the word marriage -- has sat well .
maybe sister there in these things do we see them in our society or us Minibuzz we are just talking ?
have you witnessed these things ? without marriage without an act of marriage in church mosque or government .
these things are there in our society .
we see them -- they have surrounded us but I think it is erosion of morals that is beyond measure for now .
because our elders in the past were very respecting different from now .
now it has become what like is a certain fashion .
people are living everywhere .
because we have seen that it is a normal thing .
what time does it start more in the villages -- more in towns ?
but I feel it has increased more in towns .
and why here it is pleasant -- it has real estates (()) because that is this marriage of to marry ahh ?
to see a person -- to making a decision to marry and marriage and -- and living with a wife before marrying her it is better to live with a woman first before marrying her because it really matter a lot the reason you will know %incomplete
that is there the behavior will be (()) .
it is very easy to identify that girl who is the Swahili more so that Tanzanians to listen .
that that is -- it is a must there that that is for that you see it is right to stay as husband and wife before deciding to marry ?
here is true .
because you I see calculation -- your reasons ?
is the first reason that is it is there the chances of studying behavior you see .
then secondly in the -- in the decision who it is the time of looking for this husband -- this wife this one should be with him later in marriage or not .
you you have started living with a person ?
for now not yet but they are there .
people when you live without marriage me I in think all writings there is no writing that allowed people to live without getting married .
but of -- the second side I am thinking I ask my fellow women or sisters that let's not love to make ourselves cheap .
I think us we have made ourselves very cheap women .
because if us women we were ready and believe in ourselves yes .
let's be ready and believe in ourselves that us we are beautiful and there is possibility of each one of us to get married when the time comes .
but a person it reaches a point she do not believe in herself that she will be married you find another one -- and now women have acquired behaviors .
a person then wants to seduce her -- we call seducing when he is seducing me a woman often her gear now is marriage .
she obeys a person I will marry then without money .
without anything a person goes .
but likewise the issue of money is not the solution of you agreeing to go to do an act of marriage or to live with a person without -- without marriage .
of importance first to check is -- youths will you be able to live with a person once -- you will go to take all those process on a person that you will see that he is just a joker to want be with her .
therefore people -- many people often cross .
they see the matter of being with a woman is like a short journey .
therefore a short journey at last has its end .
therefore after the end he looks for another person so that -- meaning if he would have decided to marry that short journey would have not continued .
why don't you laugh and the laughter has come ?
