the Zero campaign ends this year
with Carolyne Agosa.
contribution campaign to contribute money to prevent the death mothers and young babies, popularity known Beyond Zero, has reached one year.
since it started December 1, that campaign which is the project of the president's wife, Mother of the Nation Margaret Kenyatta, has managed to buy perfect tool to 20 migratory clinics.
reaching December, 16 clinics had been removed from the more affected county and such deaths as well as Taita Taveta, Narok, Samburu, Homa Bay, Baringo, Isiolo, Wajir, Kilifi and Kwale.
that campaign has used various techniques to contribute money, here the marathon speed being the main one that hits the news headlines more.
Missus Kenyatta wrote a story with Carolyne Agosa in April 13 as the first president's wife to run the London Marathon in European country.
she finished those 42 kilometer in seven hours, 05 minutes and 28 seconds.
it was not her first race.
earlier on March 9, she launched the first half marathon of Mother of the Nation, in the name of the First Lady's Half Marathon, in Nairobi as preparation for the London Marathon.
"today we ran so that we there can be a generation without HIV, to prevent the spread of HIV from the mother to the child.
we ran to contribute money to strengthen the accessibility of quality healthcare through the mobile clinics which will bring services more nearer to the Kenyans, he said after that race that involved the sections of 21 kilometer, 10 kilometer and 2 kilometer for pleasure.
about 30,000 runners participated.
mother and child, "today, we ran to give the womenfolk and infants life.
we ran because every mother deserves to embrace her unborn child and go home with it, and the unborn child deserves to grow up and celebrate a lot of years after being born.
we need to run until where there will be no other deaths to womenfolk and children that can be prevented.
more than 5,500 womenfolk in this country die every year while giving birth.
and 13,000 children are infected by the HIV virus.
from the success of those race, Missus Kenyatta plunged herself in the field again to join with a hundred of Kenyans to launch the registration of the second phase of the Half Marathon Race of the Mother of Nation 2015.
that activity was launched in October in Karura forest in Nairobi city, and that race has been planned to be held in March 8, 2015 in Nairobi city.
"we will continue to ran so as to contribute funds and to encourage leaders and Kenyans to promote a future that is healthy for the womenfolk and our children.
