put on your steel helmet we go to the streets and demand for education instead of language June 20, 2012
to the minister of tension and vex, Uzitoni Street, Bongo.
dear Frank, how are you my love?
how are you doing there?
there are no upheavals?
or you are already called freemason?
please tell me, because I nowadays see that as the modern trend, if not political insults.
anyone with little effort, freemason.
people of a particular party, freemason.
that is to say, there is something I want to know because these confusions of something without a head or legs are annoying me.
so who suddenly came up with the freemason topic and why and for whose benefit?
why have we lived for all these years without hearing about freemasons?
suddenly everything, freemason, freemason.
when I asked Binti Bosi she really laughed.
then she told me that the freemasons started as an association of technicians so that through their unity, be able to defend their interests against masters who had the habit of exploiting them.
masters are just masters.
from one generation to another.
that is why I feel that even here, it's our masters who have stirred up all these controversies so as to cover up the fact that they are exploiting workers.
and to make people have doubt between themselves instead of uniting.
but dear first, I have to admit my arrogance.
since BB appeared to know the concerns of the founding technicians, I had to ask her with my silly mischief.
"but you sister, are you also a freemason?"
let her laugh my love.
"you Hidaya, you don't have the intellect or what?"
I don't know freemasons, neither do I have a reason to know them more than what I have read when they started that chaos.
first, it's not free.
they that hold freemason's signs have their own reasons, and it's especially a strategy to hide their things.
"brokers?"
"ha ha ha and you Hidaya?
it is truly possible that they are dealers since they are the ones who don't want us to look at them and they perceive us and make us feel selfish instead of focusing on the reality."
"like the old man with cup bearing everything."
"alright.
and as we are, taking in everything given to us like a toilet."
"but the newspapers have also contributed."
whose newspapers?
aren't they these ones?
together with selling their newspapers, they are just one team."
then we really laughed but it's very annoying.
my younger sister recently wrote to me that there is an organization that came with a plan to assist girls who had been impregnated and left desolated.
now they wanted to join the others who have excitement and without any skills and tried to discourage them by calling them freemasons.
actually, even when a person struggles to rescue himself, people's mouth are itchy as if they have eaten nettle (and also talk recklessly).
luckily, my sister cannot listen to that nonsense but others were afraid.
I mean, us Bongolians don't jump into things at all.
and I see we youths are the worst.
the first to hear rumors and spread it.
instead, we should look at the reality.
recently, I for real was watching the celebrations of the day of the African child.
I was compelled to laugh in pain.
that we have been respected as leaders in celebrating Africanism.
therefore, I expected to see the children full in a large amount.
I expected that those giving opinions and facilitating the debate to be the children.
where... or maybe we say that the elderly have entered the second childhood.
all the speeches of adult people.
their audience in a language that the children who are the majority cannot comprehend, they are adults if not mad people.
only a few children were seen as though stacked there with superglue to justify that it's their day.
this for sure, lie to a child among the children.
what was their work there?
okay, at least other organizations involved children such as center for human rights.
again I was very impressed with children there because they really talked.
is not about commemorating hypocritically that the children do not still have the required opportunity.
those children condemned as to why there is a great disparity between their schools and those of the affluent.
how will a child in a class with one hundred and fifty pupils compete with a child in a class of thirty pupils?
the education of cheat the child again
is similar to two children to fight with fists while the arm of one is tied.
it's not logical at all.
our bosses who talk about children's rights, don't they see those differences?
okay, and when I'm upset about it, the activists reminded us that the objective of the day is not the bosses' speeches but the operations of the Soweto youth against being taught in a language they don't want, and they don't understand, that is imperialism.
that's when I got the idea my dear.
what is the difference between our schools and those in Soweto?
we the majority are being taught in a language that we completely do not understand.
and as they expand these poverty schools, then the numbers continue to increase of those sentenced to a four-year jail term without understanding.
then I later tried my idea on BB.
she halfheartedly accepted because she is enrolled in those schools with few pupils and many teachers.
but she was eventually compelled in her heart to accept.
"you know Hidaya, they have done a lot of research that shows that many students, cannot answer well, questions of grade two when they are in grade ten."
for sure it's of no significance.
'better people be taught in a language they understand.'
'it's true sister.'
'my objective is to get various skills and not to pour out the English language in front of the whites or their followers.'
allow BB to laugh.
"you Hidaya, is a trouble maker?"
"no sister, it annoys me how thousands of students are disillusioned not because they are dumb but because they don't have a language.
and how could they get the language when they have grown up in an environment without television?
'I have brothers who were very bright in primary school but the English language in secondary finished them.'
"so what do you want to do?"
"what did the Soweto students do?"
they demonstrated in protest.
and they continued demonstrating despite being shot and arrested and imprisoned without a mistake.
and their efforts bore fruit because even the struggles to fight for independence became stronger.
'do you see sister?'
why don't the students here start demonstrating as well?"
"the problem is that here in South Africa, they were being forced to speak the colonizers' language that is not spoken anywhere outside their country.
but English is an international language..."
"ah, where sister?
yes, it is an international language to few people.
and it can be taught as a subject.
but we the majority want just to understand the concepts."
"I have not denied.
but people really have a stereotype about the language to the extend that if you propose to do away with it, they will demonstrate in protest ha ha ha."
'maybe sister.'
but I think it is important to make them understand.
for sure it annoys me.
it also offended me and look here.
why am I working without anxiety?
the pan does not speak English.
nor the broom.
BB laughs again.
"then let's try.
we see how many will resist coming out of the classroom.
the problem is they do not want to appear naive hence the reason they will just remain silent."
"and they will call me freemason."
"that's it!"
we all laughed.
but how do you see it dear?
you cannot convince your colleagues to stand and begin protesting against the language used for teaching that disadvantages us, the majority?
this language is another way of favoring children of the rich leaving us hopeless with our helplessness.
put on your steel helmet we go to the streets and demand for education rather than language.
the one that loves you in all languages, Hidaya.
