21 December 2012
Chadema faces upheavals
Doctor Slaa's card ownership scandal erupts another one secretary Bavicha claims he is ready to be dismissed
the political state inside the party of democracy and development (Chadema), in Tanga province has continued to get complex after the secretary for youth committee for the party Mister Deogratius Kisandu claimed the chairman of the party in the province Mister Saidi Mbweto is used by CCM leaders to sabotage the party.
that step results from a big conflict that came up in that party in that province after Mister Mbweto accusing Mister Kisandu for his opinion of wanting the results of 2010 general elections to be annulled since CCM presented two candidates for the presidency position.
Mister Kisandu's claims to want those results nullified comes after the Chadema secretary general Doctor Willibrod Slaa admitted possessing a CCM card therefore while vying for presidency in the year 2010, he was still a member of the ruling party.
he said as a result of that condition it is clear that CCM presented two presidential candidates who are Doctor Slaa and President Jakaya Kikwete who emerged the winner in the elections.
speaking with Majira yesterday, Mister Kisandu said he is ready to be dismissed from Chadema if he will perceived undisciplined for standing for the truth.
he said the act of announcing his intentions to vie for presidency in the year 2015 has been a thorn for politicians of that party as well as using some of the groups in order to weaken him politically.
"I don't live for pleading for a post, my intention to vie for presidency I know hurts Mister Mbweto, that is why he is being used to spoil my name for it is the plan of God for me to be the president of Tanzania. the means he is using against me shall not succeed and those who say I am a betrayer are the great betrayers," he said.
he said the party is in a big conflict and made known that if actions will not be taken, it will fall apart as it happened to CUF and NCCR-revolutionary parties which got a lot of power after joining multi-party systems.
"even the chairman of Bavicha nation, Mister John Heche too called me and blamed me for my opinion which I basically wanted the national electoral commission (NEC), to change presidency results for 2010 elections.
"CCM presented two candidates according to Mister Nape Nnauye's speech (the NEC secretary for Ethics and Propagation-CCM), I believe if the presidential election is repeated we Chadema shall win," he said.
the other day while Mister Mbweto was speaking to the press, he put clear the stand of taking suggestions of taking serious actions against Mister Kisandu for giving opinions of wanting Doctor Slaa to resign for possessing a CCM card.
that very time, writer Wilhelm Mulinda reports from Mwanza that, a day after the former candidate for member of parliament on Chadema ticket for Sumvo constituency in that province, in the 2010 general elections Mister Milton Lutabana joined CCM, yesterday he gave 2400 shillings in order to pay for Doctor Slaa his two years membership fee until 2015 for continuing to hold the ruling party's card.
Mister Lutabana handed the money to the deputy CCM secretary general, Mister Mwigulu Nchemba so that he hands it to Mister Nnauye and to present it to the district party branch in Karatu district, Arusha province, where Doctor Slaa joined as a member.
the fee was given during a special council meeting for CCM, Ilemela district, in that province where Mister Mwigulu was the official guest.
Mister Lutabana becomes the first CCM member to pay Doctor Slaa a fee ever since, when Mister Nnauye said that the Chadema secretary possesses the ruling party card and he himself admitting possessing that card where in that meeting, 85 Chadema members differed to CCM.
