'meeting Simba still here'
written by Grace Mkojera
published: 24 November 2016
the red Simba have said they will keep on with their program of having annual general meeting on 11 December this year as they announced targeting to make corrections on the constitution.
Simba's spokesman, Haji Manara said yesterday that the meeting follows the procedures of the club's constitution and that it does not concern any leader of the national sports debate (BMT) but members and their club.
he said the government through the ministry of communication, culture, art and sports, Nape Nnauye said they don't have any problem on the change of the club formation insisting that the procedure be followed and the club constitution be adhered to.
"if it is following the procedure we have done so, but we are disappointed by the secretary general (BMT) Mohamed Kiganja's opinion of showing dissatisfaction with the ongoing process of bringing change in the operation of our club," he said.
he said that the Simba leaders are ready to follow the law and legal procedures required by the government in order to attain their objective of bringing change that is needed right now in their club.
also, he said in any meeting not everyone will agree with what is expected to be done, but it is important to check what is accepted by the majority than the minority objecting.
he said that what is accepted by the majority is what is right therefore it is not important to predict that there are those who will refuse because it is normal in any development.
however, Kiganga said recently, "we cannot stop Simba from meeting if they have decided to meet for their peace to discuss and they will bring us whatever they will discuss.
he added that, "we as the government we keep saying that meetings are not problems to us, but the problem is the decisions that may divide their club or to divide the citizens, that is where we don't want."
the process of Simba and Yanga going to changes started two months ago where later on the government through BMT announced to stop and make changes on their club constitutions before doing any other step.
