language and nationalism, similar to rice and mixed rice, bananas and banana soup.
April 26th, 2015.
I would like to finish this row by insisting on two or three things that relate to the Swahili language in the context of building the nationalism of our country.
I will also insist on the importance of the tradition of self-belief, self love and self respect.
as I had earlier said, not every country is a nation.
there are many countries that are not nations.
and at the same time I said that there are nations that have stayed without a country for a long time, but stayed as nations even if they had the trouble of struggling in the world.
a nation means people who recognize themselves as one, with one beginning and a common future.
the importance of language in nation building cannot be ignored.
the current state makes me doubtful about the way we view language.
on one side, many children born in the cities don't know their mother tongues, especially if their parents come from different tribes.
many times, even for the children born to parents from one tribe find themselves being brought up by house helps who speak Swahili.
these kind of children totally part ways with their mother tongues, and their language becomes Swahili alone.
that situation is different in the villages where children still speak their language of origin until the time they start going to a primary school where they find Swahili.
then, all children find themselves forced to learn all the subjects in English when they get to secondary school, and their exams to test their skills are written in English.
all the other engagements in a country's life happen in Swahili apart from the engagement to look for education.
this is strange!
our politics (the same useless politics) take place in Swahili.
the debates in parliament (the same useless ones) take place in Swahili.
when we communicate in offices and factories, in workshops and in resolving technical issues, we do so in Swahili.
when we are in worship, many times we use Swahili.
it is the reason even the shepherds brought from outside are forced to learn Swahili.
engagements like marriage, courtship, fundraising and weddings take place in Swahili.
while we are in funerals, we also bury each other in Swahili.
even in quarrels, I have never seen a quarrel between two Tanzanians happening in English.
but in seeking skills from schools and colleges, when we want to plan and protect our youth's skills and recognize those who qualified and distinguished, that activity is done in a language that isn't ours.
there's no logic.
our courts which are many and for a long time have been conducted in Swahili but the laws governing those courts are written in English.
I remember the late Francis Nyalali while he was the high court judge spoke more about this for more than twenty years ago.
however, there are no visible sincere steps to correct this error.
there are several reasons that are making our courts not to give justice to the weak, and many among those reasons relate to corruption acts as we know.
but one of the reasons that is denying the weak justice is the one of being judged on laws that they would never read no matter how much they put effort to, leave alone understanding them.
if it happens that our laws get written in a language understandable to many, the people with counsel in courts will be able to know what their right is, and they will be able to defend themselves even without having lawyers whom they are forced to that much amount of money.
it will be bad luck to my learned brethren, but very good luck to the common citizens.
to give a deserving status to a language we call national is important in nation building and in the building of a self believing heart.
at the moment we have become people who do not believe in ourselves.
as I wrote in the past, we have degraded ourselves to a value that we give to ourselves.
language is one of the examples in the degrading of our worth.
I have heard the youths in town saying that a European dog is better than the Bongo Swahili speaker.
I have also heard a Bongo flavor song saying that after God is the white man.
the level of contempt we do to ourselves is huge beyond measure.
it's contempt which has been built for a long time resulting from many things.
one of it is a huge leadership deficit in ideas and vision.
it is true that we are floating like a boat without a captain for now while, we're seeing symptoms of hungry crocodiles and sharp edged rocks in the water.
in our confusion from the lack of leadership, every passenger and every assistant captain is doing their best to save themselves.
in the shakeups we're causing ourselves, our boat is swaying and seeping in water.
the end of this suspense is our vessel rolling and finally sinking and all passengers perishing.
