our Njombe province is new .
I will not stop saying that because we need development so that the province -- can progress .
honorable speaker among the roads that have been worked on in Njombe province is together with Njombe-Makete road which goes through Kitulo reserve through to Isonja in Mbeya province .
honorable speaker this road was put in the notice of Chama cha Mapinduzi has put as number one .
<no-speech>
in every notice of Chama cha Mapinduzi .
but when this road was put on the Chama cha Mapinduzi notice of the year two thousand and five to two thousand and ten was put anew again .
but honorable speaker it is not enough this road when when His Excellency President Doctor John Pombe Magufuli comes to look for presidential votes in Makete and Wanging'ombe district said that this is road is the first that will be built to the tarmac grade .
honorable speaker I request that the government should carry out the honorable President's promise .
<no-speech>
honorable speaker this road is very important because if this road will be constructed to tarmac grade it will uplift the nation's economy as regards the pyrethrum but as well as in terms of tourism .
for us in Makete there is the Kitulo reserve because this road passes though the Kitulo reserve .
honorable speaker right now tourists are unable to go in numbers to go to that Kitulo reserve because the road is impassable .
<no-speech>
-- especially this rainy season is when it is completely impassable .
therefore I was requesting that the government builds it to tarmac standard .
the same way on the same road there is farm produce that is transported such as timber potatoes that you eat in Dar es Salaam come from Makete honorable speaker this road is of great importance .
I request the government to build this road but also honorable speaker within Njombe province there is still another road that has been constructed .
the Njombe-Mdandu-Iyayi road which also goes to meet Mbeya province .
honorable speaker this road -- the residents of Wanging'ombe who grow sunflower and timber are unable to easily transport them to Mbeya but are as well unable to transport easily to Njombe to go to other provinces like Ruvuma .
<no-speech>
honorable speaker there is another road which has been designed the Njombe-Ludewa-Manda-Itoni road .
this road honorable speaker is important because in Ludewa there is coal from Liganga and Mchuchuma .
I also request the government to complete this road to be built on -- to tarmac standard the entire road to enable -- easy transportation of coal .
honorable speaker we also have the Kibena Lupembe Madete road which connects Morogoro province honorable speaker we also request that that this road be constructed to tarmac standard but in the morning I remember honorable Hongoli asked a question and honorable minister answered him that this one -- he said that this road will start being tarmacked in the year two thousand and sixteen and two thousand and seventeen .
but when you go to the speech on the thirty seventh page it says that Lupembe Madete one hundred and twenty-five kilometers the process of finding a consulting engineer for the purposes of getting carry out due diligence is ongoing .
honorable speaker let me just tell the speaker that this stage is over .
I expected that in that speech that (()) even that they start I expected that right now they will tell us that the tender is announced for the purposes of building this road honorable speaker I -- I have one request to the government regarding to the Lupembe region .
<no-speech>
in Lupembe there is a road that goes from Lupembe to Lukalawa it go -- it goes through Ikonda from Makambako .
honorable speaker this road is a business road there are farmers who transport timber beans as well as tea a lot .
I was requesting now that this road be moved from the local council and be made a Tanroad so that it can be built to tarmac standard faster .
honorable speaker let me move from roads and move to the airport .
honorable our province Njombe factory -- our Njombe airport has a very bad condition for airplanes .
why am I requesting this airport ?
in Ruvuma there is there is no real airport but if it will be built an airport if we will renovate our airport at Njombe and upgrade it to tarmac then that means many airplanes will come .
therefore also the neighboring province of Ruvuma will also benefit with that airport .
<no-speech>
that is not all in Njombe we grow these flowers we grow very beautiful flowers there are many roses there we are unable to transport them -- to Dar es Salaam while they are still fresh because we do not have a real airport thus no airplanes come to that province .
and thus results in the wavering of this flower growing .
I now request the government to see the importance of this airport they construct it to tarmac standard so that we can also be able to transport in plenty to Dar es Salaam and go to outside countries .
<no-speech>
