Zanzibar dismissed May 30, 2012
why do we interpret words?
suppose the fact is that if the Union is to crush to be blamed is not Zanzibar but Revolutionary Party (CCM) that has failed to demonstrate the ability to defend the Union for deliberate movements and strategies and instead to promote the belief in disagreeing by opposing to the Union through guns, threats and force.
it's a time of separation in Tanzania as the country has so much to worry about it to raise its people from the curse of eternal poverty.
we have many things to do to lead our people towards economic independence and development that gives everyone a chance to succeed.
it is impossible in this period of time to begin frustration and advocacy of the Union.
issue of the Union was to be completed 20 years ago.
because of weaknesses and bad leadership of CCM today we have reached the precipice of separation.
CCM has shown us that they cannot defend the Union. no CCM leader is able to stand still to defend the Union.
not their elders and not their young people, not their scholars and not their activists, not of the continent and not of the island.
there is no Union defender.
not Salim, not Bilal, not Makamba and certainly not Kikwete.
we do not look at Mkapa nor Sumaye to defend the Union.
CCM has lost confidence in defending the Union, so why not tell the truth?
this is a time of separation in order to have two free and indigenous nations like international states that relate to the world through international agreements and international issues.
failure to solve long-term issues has brought us here we must say the facts and facts to be known.
what is happening now should not have happened if our leaders would have demonstrated the ability to overcome the problems of the Union.
my brothers inability to solve these has turned these problems into 'Union's resistant disorders'.
that is, it is a difficult disagreement.
because they have been unable to solve for 50 years time has come now to accept defeat and give up to leave the Union.
these resistant problems have shown and revealed the bottom line of the potential limitations of our leaders.
neither Elder Mwinyi nor Mkapa had the capability to establish solutions to the challenges of the Union.
Kikwete, who entered with huge promises has confirmed that he (with all his rule) has no power to solve these problems.
who has forgotten the words of President Kikwete's heartfelt appeal to the Union parliament after he was sworn in as President and launched the parliament in December 2005?
he is the one who said these words "we have a historic role to ensure that our Union remains and grows stronger.
I am happy to say that our Union is strong despite challenges here and there.
and, more encouraging to me is the fact that our both sides of the Union are committed to resolving existing problems with a view to strengthening it."
six years after these words our union is weak and 'the challenges here and there' have been a permanent problem!
Kikwete also failed!
spreading hatred against Christians and Tanganyika it should be understood that those fighting the Union are essentially having a problem with Christians and people of the mainland and especially those who come from the mainland that is Tanganyika.
some of the leaders of these lectures give statements that the ordinary person considers as a permit and call for evil to the people of Tanganyika.
because, if they are mixed up, they are persecuting Zanzibar and Tanganyika people of Zanzibar, is it not right for Zanzibar to abuse their opponents?
because, if Tanganyika is actually treating Zanzibar as his colony is not justified for the ones being forcefully governed by Tanganyika to rise against the people of Tanganyika?
and more surprisingly (and annoying) their government also becomes silent on these actions.
have churches started this week being burnt in Zanzibar?
have bars started being burnt in Zanzibar the other day or is it that people have a sudden forgetfulness?
the statement issued the other day to assure "tourists" that the situation was calm did not mention the people of the Mainland who on Monday had leaflets asking them to leave Zanzibar.
this is not the first time for such leaflets to appear in Zanzibar and proves the failure of our country's intelligence system!
but what have Christians in Zanzibar done wrong?
is it really true that they want Christians to be only those born in Zanzibar and others who come and move there is wrong?
as Sheikh Fared said in March, if someone did not announce any hostility or raise up arms against you how would you announce them enemy?
all long as the churches are burned in Zanzibar, there has never been any mad person not even one thought of burning a mosque, when such a person appears is that not when war against Christians will be announced?
you will also find it unnecessary even for a Christian to do so because another guy decides to disturb the Muslims by burning the mosque (knowing they will accuse Christians or the Heretics) are not these theologians proclaiming a permanent war?
now, this should be said to these leaders - if they do not want Christians in Zanzibar they should openly say so, so that they can leave Zanzibar in peace!
if they want Zanzibar that does not have a Christian identity because many Muslims say so instead of burning people their churches and threatening the lives of people.
I say this believing that the actions of the churches being burnt and people of Tanganyika threatened have been tolerated and are not adequately criticized.
we have not heard famous people from Zanzibar like Doctor Salim, Elder Mwinyi, Doctor Bilal and others giving statements to protect these Christians and Tanganyikans.
they are silent.
what does it mean?
we have not seen any one of them visit these houses of worship of Christian that were burned up in January this year?
what are they afraid of?
destroy the Union completely for people reading my articles to realize that my current position is not new.
April 27, 2011, I am writing articles in this newspaper, edition 183, entitled "our Union has no defenders be ready to break down".
however, that was the conclusion of the argument I had built one year back.
I wrote in the 147 edition August 2010 title of the article "they are breaking the Nation with the aim of 'strengthening the Union'".
all articles were simply indicating that our Union has come to a place of agreeing to break it in order to cooperate as two countries.
Zanzibaris who from the beginning their goal was that "we have already allowed so many of them in the country."
since the beginning, they have been left to Zanzibar without being forced to totally disappear but want more.
now the CCM Government has given them all, a flag, national anthem, its president, its cabinet, its parliament, various forces now that they want their country to can we keep them?
how can we keep them?
so somebody everyday claims to be given a table, demanding seats and coats, demanding cabinets and internal decors, he is coming and claiming the housing wall and all of it is given today he decides to claim the house are we shocked?
did we think of those tables and cabinets that they had put under a mango tree?
already CCM has agreed to give Zanzibar all the needs of a country, now the time has come for Zanzibar to be a country, get out of the union.
as I said last year that our Union has no defenders then I have chosen to be a defender of breaking the Union.
break it down so that we can be safe.
I still believe in the African Union as the basic principle that brought forth Tanzania and I still believe it is in unity only that our countries will be able to succeed but this unity as the Zanzibar we do not want.
the time has come to the people of the mainland to begin to emerge and make conferences and demonstrations to deny the Union.
not because Zanzibar is against us or they can do anything against Tanganyika - they cannot - but because we do not want like the people of the Mainland to walk in blame of being against Zanzibar!
we do not want to live and feel like colonials when there is nothing that Zanzibar do or do not do that hurt us or even add us anything.
mainland Tanzania does not depend on Zanzibar for anything but Zanzibar relies on it and will continue to rely on Tanzania Mainland!
now if this is true - and it is true - let Zanzibar be left alone.
any history student knows exactly what will happen to Zanzibar again.
since the CCM and its Government have failed to defend the Union and solve the problems of the Union, the time has come to let Zanzibar go.
let Zanzibar go and return to their homeland to end peacefully.
we love Zanzibar so much that we cannot struggle with them!
they want to go let them go.
until a generation comes to judge politicians and religious leaders who love collisions more than unity, hatred than love, violence rather than peace.
these who want to break the nation there is a generation that will judge them severely.
for us we say let Zanzibar go!
