Friday, October 31, 2014
fear of successful women and the notion of the family head.
I got an opportunity of participating in one debate on Facebook today.
the debate itself was commenced by Samuel Sasali, who in my opinion has a significant ability to provoke topics that concern our daily lives.
the argument that was on the table was brought in a way that show the difficulties a woman goes through when she succeeds educationally.
that as a woman climbs the educational ladder, in like manner men run away from her.
who is to blame men or women?
there is the truth that in our community, highly educated women have a very difficult time getting lasting relationships, with people they expect again for a time.
and even if they get most of us agree that many of those relationships face storms here and there and sometimes those relationships get broken.
men claim they fear these women because together with beauty and smartness of brain and body, it is said that they lack the respect required for marriage.
when they get education, it's claimed they aren't ready to submit to a man.
that's men's major fear that prevents them from starting and maintaining relationships with successful women be it educationally or economically.
if you look properly you will see that there is some truth that successful women sometimes fail to submit to a man.
when they succeed, they begin to feel that, they have a right to be equal to men in all areas of life.
this state isn't accepted by many men who need to see themselves as the real head of the family by being listened to, accepted and given respect even if they don't fulfill his responsibility.
these are the facts translated by men to mean humility.
even so, this opinion has many problems.
for example, it's not every time successful women are the problem.
there are women who have no success but still threaten men.
yes, these sometimes are just feelings that if believed turn out to be true.
and if you truly investigate carefully a lot of relationship misunderstandings, you'll discover that the main problem is self-mistrust that men have and not how they are.
it is true that many men have problems relating to themselves a condition we can call poverty of self, that makes them unable to relate with women unconditionally and at times burden women unfairly.
one example they have is this we are talking about of being threatened by the success of women.
it is this fear of a woman's success that makes many men seek for relationships with uneducated women and who are dependent so that they can rule and control them.
they use the notion of the family head contrary to reality.
I beg now to show shortly how it is that the problem can't be a woman's success, rather it is a man's weakness that makes them afraid of women's success.
head of the family
let's start with the notion of the family head that men love so much.
being the head of the family doesn't mean brutality or dictatorship or the ability to control a woman rather it's the ability to be an example of the things that are supposed to happen in the family, the ability to show the way and establish the perfect environment for family members to communicate well with themselves and in that manner relate well among themselves.
by being recognized as the family head, it's the man who is supposed to be the first person to have good self relations himself.
he is not supposed to be a person who has troubled relations with self and is struggling to seek the peace that comes from outside.
that is the same as saying a man who doesn't trust himself or others, a man worried with his own self, a man seeking happiness at the cost of others, will end up starting relationships as an effort to hide his flaws by wrongly using the notion of being the head of the family.
usually, this type of man thinks that being the head of the family means having more money, more education, more intellect, being older et cetera so that he can use all of them as arms against a woman's threat.
now someone is asking themselves, how is it that a man who is the head of the family uses education, money, status, experience and all manner of tactics to control a woman.
is this not weakness?
down here I'll try we examine five attributes of a man with a poor relationship with his space, attributes that make him unable to be ready to pay the cost of being the real head of the family and therefore find himself running away from women who are self-aware.
1) he doesn't like to be corrected but he is a good corrector
a man of this kind knows he has a certain weakness which he doesn't like others to know.
because of that he doesn't like to be corrected because the language of correcting him sends a message that emphasizes castration feelings of self which he already has.
his comfort is seeing others corrected and for that, he supports digging in and making others feel bad.
he can't feel good in praising others.
he is threatened by the happiness of others.
even so, we aren't saying that someone won't sit he corrects.
but when it becomes a character, that you must correct everyone when you don't have a solution, we ourselves ask about the health of your soul.
2) he is threatened by the success of others, competes without any reason.
he doesn't like to see others become greater than him.
he is someone who clashes with people he believes are threatening his honor.
at times he competes even in small things that you never imagined need competition.
the objective is to boast that even he is able.
it is true, a human being by nature is a competitor but not to the level of building a wall against people who genuinely are not a threat and at times don't have anything to do with you.
3) if the talker/open person succeeds, if the secretive person isn't successful.
these are the kinds of men who when you are with them, it's like they want you to be a listener to their boasting.
this type of man lives a life of talking/saying.
and most of what he says concern himself, "I was, I am, I will, I won't".
it's true we love success but not to the level of desiring to get a television program to say how successful we are.
even so, it's not every time a man of means is open.
when things go in an unexpected way, he becomes secretive.
and sometimes he uses lies in order to hide the disgrace of being seen as having not reached where he wants or pretends he was brought down by others.
4) he doesn't accept his mistakes, he's vengeful to people who wronged him.
if you have a male friend who when he's in the wrong isn't quick to accept mistakes, and again at times you're forced to confess things you know very well aren't your mistakes then that's the man we're talking about here.
when you make a mistake, he's quick to blame and to recall past mistakes.
these are the people who can sulk for a whole week like an effort to avoid taking responsibility and accepting the truth.
are vengeful and sometimes they have grudges with people.
5) he has a romantic jealousy, he is scornful
self-mistrust makes him a suspicious person who feels the presence of a third person who is spying on his relationship even when he himself isn't faithful.
it's the opinion of self-mistrust that makes him quick in distrusting a person.
and sometimes he gets into love relations with many people to look for fake comfort.
now in order to deal with his self-mistrust, sometimes he is someone who likes to identify with people whose status he seeks himself.
famous people.
you can find that out if you are near him because he doesn't hesitate to ridicule people he feels have no status like the one he seeks.
costs of relating with this man
I haven't gone through all explanations with the objective of shortening the article.
in short, this state of mistrust which comes from the bad relationships with his soul, are usually the results of upbringing and life experiences which build perspectives, trust, and behavior that doesn't emphasize true relations with the soul.
to satisfy this kind of a man, who is struggling to relate with his own soul can't be an easy job.
and in truth, a woman who lives with this person has a big role of paying the cost of making him feel good in many ways.
firstly, the woman will be obliged not to have better credentials than her husband.
she shouldn't be educated, shouldn't have money, shouldn't be famous, she shouldn't have a job that's better than her husband's et cetera.
it's like we saw that this man interprets, other people's success as being his own failure this together with people close to him.
and this is the reason many end up in relationships with women whose success doesn't surpass theirs.
that's why you can be surprised a person has a PhD, has met how many women who aren't deserving in his journey of education so much so that he ends up marrying an illiterate woman.
another, if you'll be better than him, understand you'll be compelled to ensure that it isn't seen.
you'll be required to put in the effort that makes him recognize that he's successful, knowledgeable, he is able all the days constantly.
in another language don't be restless or show that you have certain skills in you.
this isn't an easy job and it demands the cost of self-denial and your status because we know, human beings rejoice in success.
this is to say, it will require you as "a real" woman to avoid an environment of correcting him.
even when you feel he's making a mistake, you'll be forced to let him continue with his mistake even when you know it will affect both of you.
the objective is to remove the likelihood of making him feel despised.
if you must advise, then let the language make him feel those are his views and they have been built on his mind.
at the same time, his feelings of envy will force you to give him an opportunity of understanding you well so that he can trust you and reduce the worry of being cheated or dumped.
here we aren't saying a man who trusts himself doesn't need openness in his wife's life, but this openness goes beyond limits so much so that if he was able, he yearns to follow you using a CCTV in order to know where you are and what you're doing and with whom and what minute.
and because we have seen that he is someone to whom forgiveness is heavy and is a vengeful person, that means as "a real woman" you'll have to take responsibility of carrying the cross of blame whenever there are relationship differences.
is it right for a woman to bear the burden?
as we saw, this certainly isn't a light burden to a normal woman who enters into a relationship with the expectation of getting fulfillment and the love of her husband.
remember, in a relationship, it's the man's responsibility to bear the "burden" of responsibility in order to establish an environment that makes a woman feel like a queen.
this is what being the head really means in the leadership of a relationship.
nevertheless, in a normal situation, this leadership can't work in an environment where the husband himself who is supposed to bear that burden is the same we are discussing here.
before I finish, let me say directly that before you start a relationship with a man with the character we saw here, it would be good to get professional help to help him change first.
otherwise, you'll find yourself bearing a burden with the heaviness of a cross.
the challenge though is that even when he's advised to see a behavioral professional, he interprets your advice as ridicule and distrust of his ability.
that surprises me because, he believes he knows even when he doesn't and any attempt to lead him to the knowledge that he needs, he will interpret as being despised.
in conclusion, we can say that a stable man, a man who relates well to his soul, a man who is self-conscious and understands his responsibility, isn't threatened by a woman's stability or success.
when he becomes stable, a man is usually able to pay the cost of relating. with any woman without caring about that woman's success.
if it is that way there won't be a problem of understanding that the only right weapon for "ruling over" any woman if it's together with the successful one is to love her with diligence and to create for her an environment in which she feels valued more than anything else.
it's only very few women who can fight against this weapon.
even in that way, that doesn't mean that a woman won't need to pay the cost.
no of course not.
the woman likewise needs to ensure that she's self-aware, she relates well to her soul and in that way recognize her role in the relationship without caring about success or how she's better than her husband.
otherwise, it's true, as she succeeds in like manner she's creating for herself an environment of loneliness.
christianbwaya@gmail.com
written by
Christian Bwaya
