be great .
he said our capacity is limited .
we do not have sponsors .
we commit ourselves with our money which we -- we individually have as leaders .
we help these children .
demand is high .
many children need help .
how do we do now ?
let -- let us make a team of experts lead by a projector manager .
I did research in collaboration with local government officials of Morogoro municipal school -- for different schools .
of the municipal of Morogoro where the Morogoro municipality has approximately twenty-three community schools .
our research was based on approximately ten municipal schools of Morogoro .
<no-speech>
we have found in one school there are approximately fifty children who are doing well in class .
example of a Secondary school (()) located within (()) the municipality of Morogoro .
approximately fifty people are doing well but they do not have capacity they do not have capacity that way .
they do not have capacity .
there are children whose parents passed away .
there are children whose parents have separated .
there are children who don't have a father there is only the mother .
there are children who have special needs such as Abdul .
they need help and we said what do we do ?
and these are -- are community schools they do not have the capacity to pay for them .
we said for this unity let us do -- do something and go to the municipal council of Morogoro .
then the municipal council of Morogoro told us (()) well work properly and register our institution .
therefore based on the support that we have received from the municipal of Morogoro we are very grateful to the education officer of the municipality of Morogoro .
development officer of the municipality of Morogoro .
the head office of Morogoro province .
office of the member of parliament for Morogoro province Honorable Abudi .
we do not have sufficient cooperation and until the month -- the twelfth month at the end of the month when our institution will be officially registered then we can legalize this work in collaboration with various stakeholders of -- of -- of here here in Tanzania .
(()) see how we can help these children then (()) we have developed this project that is known help me campaign five hundred is enough to pay debt .
but if we go far beyond this is a great project that touches Tanzanians particularly the girl child by one word or the other .
we said no .
there are many Tanzanians who have done well (()) girl child .
who should be an ambassador for this campaign ?
in order to -- to encourage communities to do well they can be encouraged and contribute to this campaign help me five hundred is enough to pay (()) .
we -- we observed prayer after an extensive research we eventually found Wastara Juma Issa Sajuki a film artist -- here in Tanzania who has great respect within and outside Tanzania .
by good luck Wastara by his own mouth he broke down in tears and said it was his long time dream to help girl children .
we have met people who have the same dream I am ready with all my might and to -- to the best of abilities to help convince Tanzanians so that we can help the girl child .
so as I speak here today Wastara was supposed to be here but due to some emergencies unfortunately he has failed to make it here but he is the official ambassador to help me I have five hundred the campaign is enough to give me a link .
let us end it here at this point .
we shall return later and continue with our discussion .
I can see Grace Kingalame is ready to bring us sports news and entertainment .
welcome Grace .
thank you Mwasu Sware .
welcome I inform you of what transpired in the various sports and entertainment fields .
Temeke women team has emerged champions of the women's cup the cup that was concluded yesterday at the Chamazi stadium in the city of Dar es Salaam with Temeke team scoring against Coast one goal to nil .
Minister for Information Youth Culture and Sports Doctor Finela Mkangara and the President of T_F_F Jamal Malinzi discussing women's football in the country .
<no-speech>
if you are asked to pick a team here now you can find it ?
he said I cannot even select the team since almost all of them are good .
in fact the game was very good .
quite obvious that getting new talent is not strained which means for Twiga Stars I thank God -- approximately how many players in that tournament can you get ?
I cannot discuss technical questions .
or I do not like to answer technical questions but I strongly believe and through speaking to coaches many youths have been found who are adequate enough to strengthen Twiga Stars .
that was the biggest .
<no-speech>
in that game the only goal was scored by Grace Paulo in the second half .
Temeke team coach David Sianga Coast players have talked about their game .
<no-speech>
and I think if you absolutely look I had the right to take the champion because if you look at my record since I started this tournament I have not even been scored one goal .
I have won all the matches and I have not been scored even a single goal at my goal post .
(()) is a team that you yourself will reward .
I have a right -- I have a right and I am ready to take the championship .
as of now we are on top but we ask only for support it is still down then we ask them to support as well as encourage us to go further still because at the moment there are very many talents for girls' football in Tanzania .
I see it right .
I am fine and we are fine because in the final there (()) one winner must emerge .
do you think Temeke -- have excelled you -- have surpassed you in what ?
<no-speech>
out there in our joints (()) that is we did not have the joints .
(()) .
<misc>
<misc>
<misc>
<no-speech>
in that game Temeke besides taking the trophy has received three million shillings together with other five hundred thousand shillings that minister Mukangala added for champions while Coast that finished second got two million shillings and Ilara which got a three goals victory against Kigoma got one million shillings .
<no-speech>
premier league .
