the farmers requested for consent to sell their produce outside the country.
it is written by our writer, Morogoro
published: 16 December 2016.
the Channel for farmer's groups in Tanzania (MVIWATA) has requested the government to allow farmers in the country to sell their produce outside the country to enable them sell at a price that will give them profit to uplift them from poverty.
while addressing the 21 meeting of MVIWATA, the chairman of that institution Veronica Sophu said the is an order which was given out by the head of the district and the region banning selling of farm produce outside the country this is not beneficial to a farmer who spends more and when he harvest he will be forced to sale his produce.
"as farmers we have used our resources, our efforts on harvesting you force us to sell our produce in the country at a low price while we farmers need a lot of money to educate our children, stopping us from selling outside the country our produce we think its not right..." said Sophu.
he added that the farmers have their needs that require huge money so stopping them from sealing their product outside the country is the same as giving them a ticket to continue having hardship life and continuing to swim in abject poverty.
he requested the government to end the fake input that is distributing that has caused lower productivity.
"how does this compost goes beneath?" the leader asked.
where is the mechanism to regulate the quality?
he said the farmers in Tanzania spend more money to buy fertilizers and when they use this input it does not give good result and this hinders development because of using fake fertilizer.
the chairman requested the government to end the rift between the farmers and breeders by making sure there is good use of the land.
he said the political leaders own large tracks of land in Morogoro region land and it is good the government to take that land and give it to the citizens so that they can use it with farming and keeping their animals.
also the guardian of Mviwata- Taifa Stephen Mashishanga said that given the importance of farmers since they are ones who feed the country, therefore the government should give priority to address the problem of the farmers with immediate effect.
Mashishanga also said the government must give a solution to land conflict because it destroys the peace of the country.
"the government must check where made mistake so that we can correct."
Regina Chonjo head of Morogoro district said that the government recognize that agriculture is the main thing that can substitute the economy of industries and the government is ready to tackle the problems and challenges that faces agriculture and also solve land dispute.
he also wanted parent to give part of their land to the children so that they can own something and they gain financially.
he also want the the farmers to stop shifting cultivation because it leads to destruction of the environment.
