Majaliwa discharges 4 forest officials
written by Ikunda Erick, Rufiji
published: 27 September 2016
Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa has suspended four forest officials as well as suspending all activities of the harvest of forest produce in Rufji district at the coast province in order to give way for investigations and putting up firm plans for managing the sector.
these actions were announced yesterday in Rufiji town when the Prime Minister spoke to servants of Rufiji District before later speaking to citizens in his tour of the Coastal Province to inspect development activities and to issue directives to servants in the public sector.
those suspended from work were Head of the Land Department, Natural Resources and Environment, Doctor Paul Ligonja, District Forest Officer, Gaudence Tarimo, Forest Officer, Yonas Nyambua and the Tanzania District Forest Agent (TFS), Suleiman Bulenga.
"effective today, I am suspending these servants and the Ikwiriri gate to be removed immediately, the bush is a thieves haven.
"also all forest harvesting work should stop, there is no harvesting until new procedures and looking at where to harvest, where not to harvest because the forest is depleted and the money going into peoples' pockets, the government does not benefit," said Majaliwa.
in addition, he instructed the District Commissioner, Juma Njwayo to collect all the logs in the forest and to auction them.
he directed the Ministry of Natural Resources and Tourism to go to Rufiji District to investigate logging licenses that were provided in order to determine those that were legitimate.
"Rufiji has a bad reputation, it leads in the harvesting of forests without following procedure yet there are forest officials, we cannot continue in this way, they should stop work, the ministry will come to inspect and the guileless ones will return, the corrupt the sign is clear you have to go," said the Prime Minister.
Majaliwa is the Member of Parliament for Ruangwa Province and was also once the Rufiji District Commissioner.
he said that the logging had been suspended even for harvesters with legitimate licenses until when investigations were completed and good systems set in place for harvesting for the benefit of the nation.
he said there were administrators who were colluding on forest products by stamping with Kilwa stamps for logs that had been harvested in Rufuji and later pocketing the money.
concerning the Ikwiriri gate, the Prime Minister instructed the Director of that District Council, Rashid Salum to follow-up on orders he issued to the Minister of Natural Resources and Tourism, Professor Jumanne Maghembe when he met with the staff of that ministry.
he said in his orders, he insisted that there was no need for the government to continue having workers without integrity and who are unfaithful to their nation, who have been given responsibilities and they have been unable to implement them by turning their areas of work into their personal benefit.
he added that there was no need of having many barriers of the inspection of forest products, many that have no income and instead he directed that they are reduced so that those few should work with expertness.
earlier, while speaking to citizens at a rally, the prime minster promised to solve various issues affecting the Rufiji citizens which include drug shortage, staff, purchase of a new ferry and promising to provide banking services.
in that meeting, a section of the citizens carried posters with messages of various concerns that the Prime Minister was forced to call upon administrators of the various sectors to answer to those concerns.
earlier, Member of Parliament for Rufiji, Mohammed Mchengerwa, told the Prime Minister that the main concern in the district is the poor discipline of public servants and said many had no integrity.
Mchengerwa said many projects had been squandered, including the Rufiji river basin development authority (RUBADA) and that those who did so are some trusted administrators and given responsibility and asked the prime minister to hold them accountable.
in other developments, the Prime Minister has asked the Rufiji Council's management to ensure that they survey the land and set up plans for better land use in order to ensure that all citizens with sites are issued with title deeds of their sites to be able to use them in requesting loans from financial institutions.
