4 teachers fall victims of the love affairs.
written by Veronica Mheta, Longido.
published on: 25th October 2016.
four teachers of Kitumbeine Secondary School in Longido district, Arusha province have been suspended from work to pave way for investigation after being suspected to indulge in love affairs their students.
delivering a statement to the Arusha Provincial Commissioner, Mrisho Gambo who is in that province for a five-day tour to assess development and challenges, the District Commissioner of Longido, Daniel Chongolo said that investigations are currently underway to determine how those teachers got involved in love relations with their students.
Chongolo said that once the investigations are complete and ascertained, disciplinary actions will be taken against them.
he also said that there is a challenge of early pregnancy, that some of their parents and guardians have been marrying them off as a result of traditions.
he said that the government is following closely parents with that behavior of marrying off their children at a small age since that problem is at 13 percent in pastoral communities.
nevertheless, he said that early pregnancy have reduced from six in the year 2013 to four although there is still the challenge of girls being married off at an early age by their parents.
"we are undertaking investigations to ascertain whether the teachers truly got involved in love affairs with their students or not and if it's proven about that, harsh disciplinary measures will be done," he said without mentioning the names of the concerned individuals.
furthermore, he said that the district has a shortage of 128 classroom infrastructures, 281 teachers' quarters, 393 pit latrines and 1320 desks, where in this financial year 2016/17, the district has been required to construct 60 classrooms, seven teachers' quarters together with adding six primary schools so as to reduce the problem.
after Gambo received that report, he took part in the roof construction of Longido Secondary School's dormitory that was burnt down.
he requested the police to do regular patrols at the school so as to manage fire menace and improve security of the students, and students to also cooperate with the teachers so as to enhance security during evening classes.
he insisted that the government is pursuing all those who participated in the act of burning the various schools in the region so as to arraign them to the state organs.
he advised village leaders to ensure they participate in planning security in their areas in order to control various incidences that breach the peace including the issue of fire.
