Repoa research to launch a government
written by Shadrack Sagati
published: 05 December 2016
among the areas where Tanzanians believe that they have not benefited appropriately with their resources is in the mineral sector, as a result of that resource being mined by foreign companies.
what we Tanzanians get from that resource is employment while the government is benefiting from various taxes and royalties.
since the mining companies began investing in the country, their reports on taxes have not been transparent, something that makes Tanzanians believe that there is fraud done by these companies so as not to pay the required taxes.
an example is the auditor's report of the mining companies in the country of the year 2015 that confirmed failure to pay 521.6 billion shillings in tax as a result of a fraudulent environment in the payment and registration processes.
but also the Minerals Agency (TMAA) confirmed the existence of 10.3 billion shillings that had not been paid in royalties and service tax amounting to 2.5 billion shillings.
this controversy has been there for a long time and it rises from our weak mineral laws that do not provide the government an opportunity to become part of the investment.
instead we have remained spectators when the resource is being harvested in plenty by other foreign companies.
I agree with the research done recently by the Institute of Research on Poverty Alleviation (REPOA) that has warned Tanzania of failing to benefit from the gas and oil resources if it won't set laws that mandates the government to be a stakeholder of the company that comes out to mine that resource as in Botswana.
in that research, Repoa openly showed that despite the minerals law requiring Tanzanians to be involved, it is open that there is a difference between to be given ownership and being involved.
that means, if we could be part of the ownership of the mines, we have an opportunity to get to the point of production, but by only being involved, we don't have the authority to know the amount that those mines produce.
I believe that if the government could be part of the ownership of the mines, the investors cannot cheat on payment of taxes because the Tanzanians could have the opportunity of accessing the kitchen where there is the production of those minerals.
we will not wait to be told we have produced a certain amount, but we witness and see for ourselves, however it's only involvement, you can be told a lie or the investors can lament that the registration fee in enormous, hence charged little tax, something that has made Tanzania not to benefit from minerals.
REPOA has given an example of Botswana and how it benefits from diamond minerals.
in research done by Abel Kinyondo, it is explained that they started exploitation of diamond minerals in the year 1967 and its residents have benefited from the existence of that resource.
that is from the year 1969, when the government began owning 15 percent with foreign investors allowed 75 percent of the company that was given the contract to mine the De Beers minerals.
Botswana is among the leading diamond traders in the world, but the revenues obtained from those minerals are closely monitored by the government of that country, as a result of having a system of ownership of the mines in collaboration with the investors.
by now, Botswana has the same proportion of ownership of the company with the investors that is, the government owns 50 percent while the investors also own 50 percent, something that Repoa builds it gives the government an opportunity to follow-up from the exploitation to processing of the minerals.
I personally support Repoa's research that, in order to benefit more appropriately from our resources, it is important to ape this example by Botswana especially as we head towards gas and oil economy.
if we don't do that, I believe these resources will turn to a curse.
we have been witnesses of how oil resources brought war in Nigeria as a result of the Niger Delta area that produces oil in plenty, residents of those areas remain poor while that oil wealth benefiting a few people.
our capital is land and those resources, while their capital is money.
let them come we partner so that we too can get to the kitchen and see the realities of the income and the amount of gas and oil that we are producing.
