'the fruits of online education haven't been seen'
written by Gloria Tesha, Dodoma
published: 07 November 2016
the government has said the fruits of online education haven't been seen on a big level in the country, because many schools don't have computer laboratories.
the Minister of Education, Science, Technology and Technical Training, Professor Joyce Ndalichako, has said in Dodoma City that the government recognizes online education and by cooperating with other stakeholders it will continue to improve that education.
she said this when closing a symposium of education stakeholders in the country, that was hosted by the Institute East African Educational Development of Aga Khan University.
that symposium built on debating the challenges and opportunities of education and gave recommendations to the government.
it enjoined experts of educational issues from government institutes and the private sector together with political leaders, including members of parliament.
she said online education hasn't benefited many students in the country and that condition is a result of the truth that, it's only a few schools that have computer laboratories and many students still can't get educational publications online.
in confronting that problem, she said the government will continue to enjoin private sector stakeholders and others to ensure that online education benefits all students in the country.
"on the part of secondary and primary still we have a few schools that have computer laboratories to enable students to benefit, the government recognizes this and we are involving more stakeholders so that students can benefit with openness," she explained.
the Managing Director of the Institute for Educational Development, East Africa and the Principal of Aga Khan University, Professor Joe Lugalla, said the issue of education development isn't a government one only, rather of all Tanzanians.
he said Tanzanians are required to work by cooperating to bring up challenges and opportunities of education and to work on them.
