the ministry of livestock and fishery development has threatened to ban selling of skin outside the country if it will reveal fraud including -- including evading of tax on transporting those goods .
the news of Jimmy Mengele is read here in studio .
the minister for livestock and fishing development Doctor Mathayo -- David Mathayo has said the government will pin down owners of leather industries in the country to buy the skin in good prices that will benefit the sellers where he has said the industry that will fail to buy at a price that will be started will be denied the license to do that business .
Doctor Mathayo has given this statement while at Tanzania Tanneries leather company Morogoro where the management of the company raised a concern about evading income tax and illegal exportation .
ten containers of leather that were nabbed having evaded duty at the port of Dar es Salaam last year .
this fraud if it goes on the other thing we shall come to do is do completely abolish selling of -- of -- of leather out of the country I abolish it so that leather stays in the country .
<no-speech>
it should not be sold outside as Kenya and Uganda are doing but also we shall put an indicative price .
meaning a price to -- to start with .
because we cannot now allow leather factories in the country to set prices .
moreover minister Mathayo has said he has already increased the number of workers in the department follow up and giving movement permits .
leadership outside the country .
the aim being to control bribery loop holes and illegal transportation of leather which costs the country income .
speaking at the industry the chairperson of Tanzania Tanneries Association mister Onorato Garavaglia has said the government has been losing an amount more than one point five million per month .
what is the problem for the fund ?
because most of the received (()) now it suggests a high price because these people they don't pay duty each container now what he says is true I think it's us who have (()) -- containers got lost .
the containers were found here having T_R_A saying this now is our business so they means to your business again .
you see now ?
so that -- that thing moved to T_R_A they said we have our rules and everything will have (()) this year .
<no-speech>
the Minister for the Development of Livestock and Fishing was on a one day tour of Morogoro Province where among other things he talked to stakeholders of the meat sector visited the meat industry the leather industry and the livestock institution LITI .
<no-speech>
