Wednesday, December 28, 2016
ways of reducing challenges of house girls.
we have mentioned two items that change the system of upbringing.
first is the change of gender roles defined by society.
when the mother enters the labor market and goes to work as the father is used to, the challenge that comes out is how they can raise their child during working hours.
second is the deterioration of family ties which weakens the help in rearing children that was normal from the next of kin.
these two force modern families to look for other ways of rearing children to give the parents an opportunity to continue with work.
in this article, we look at the service of ladies who are hired to help parents bring up children during working hours, commonly known as 'house girls'.
we highlight ways in which we can reduce the challenges of their services.
ways in which house girls are found
house girls are children or young people who grew up in normal environments, mostly in the village and without much education, who are employed by parents for the purpose of helping them look after the child during working hours.
alongside upbringing, these girls do house work.
normally, these caretakers are found by unstructured means that depends on a familiarity system with family, relatives and friends who can link up the parents in need with the girl seeking employment.
there is no official procedure that enables employers in need to be certain about her history, her skills as well as her behavior in general.
however, it happens sometimes that they are found through familiar people.
although this structure is considered by others as a form of human trafficking, but it has been helping parents be sure and know especially where these children come from.
their work environment
most of the time, these ladies are employed without express contracts and are paid a small amount of money.
however, aside from cash payments, many parents give them allowances such as food, healthcare and other basic services.
their daily routines are usually filled with many activities that do not match their salary.
many of them are usually the first to get up and the last to sleep.
their employers usually have excessive hopes.
in addition to the bulk of work they do, there have been occurrences of these girls being mistreated by their employers in different ways.
there are those who are treated as slaves who do not deserve respect as other human beings.
others are denied their basic rights.
in this environment, these girls sometimes develop inappropriate behaviors that deteriorate their relationships with their employees.
the situation of misunderstanding between the employer and this child servant cause anger, pain and revenge which in most cases end up on the child who is innocent.
their practical upbringing
normally these girls, who in most cases are children, have no experience in upbringing.
the performance of many of them depends on constant direction.
however, in addition to that, still parents with low financial ability usually see them as the answer to the upbringing challenge.
on the other hand, there have been occurrences of these ladies teaching children inappropriate behaviors intentionally or unintentionally.
these, however, most of the time happen to revenge for the feeling of not being treated right.
because the upbringing services through these ladies can be unavoidable to many parents, it is important to discuss how we can reduce the challenges of upbringing that is managed by these girls.
these challenges, to a large extend, that arise from lack of sufficient familiarization in regard to the illicit relations between the employer and the girl.
we recommend the following:
understanding the girl's history
there is need to strive to understand which family the girl comes from, how did she live with her family, her stand, beliefs, at least the basic things.
for these to be possible, it is good to get her through people who know her well.
when you have an opportunity to understand the girl well, you an make correct decisions earlier whether you can stay with her or not.
teach her her responsibilities early
many disagreements between employers and these girls sometimes is contributed by her not understanding her duties as she should.
many employers have huge expectations on these ladies and thus they do not help them to know what they are supposed to do.
it is good once you agree with her that she's living with your family for the purpose of looking after the child, confirm that she understands the entire procedure of work.
if you do that, you reduce the chances of errors that emanate from lack of knowledge of the correct thing to do.
building good relationships with the girl
make the house girl be part of your family.
make her feel loved as another family member.
when you do this, you make her have a cheerful heart and thus have the excitement of responsibility.
for example, you can introduce her to visitors as part of your family and you can consider putting her in an official family photographs that you hang on the wall.
In line with that, avoid unethical relationships with these girls.
when you do that, you create a detestable environment.
when you are loathed, it is easy for your child to be the victim.
give her services that she deserves.
there is no employee who does not wish to get allowances.
even you need that your boss looks at your welfare, and recognize the good work that you are doing.
in the same way, and you think of giving your house girl services that attract her.
create for her a good working environment.
for example, you can think of creating for her a program to further her education.
also, you can make sure that you recognize the work that she does every evening when you come back home.
by doing this you build her desire for work.
show a good example
you cannot expect the house girl to live well with the children when you do not show to care for your own children.
show practically how you expect the child to be cared for.
the girl will learn practically.
also, be an example in doing domestic work the way you expect her to do.
cook, serve food on the table, wash clothes when necessary to show that you're living your expectations.
when you do that, the girl will respect you.
spend enough time with the child
someone who spends more time with your child is the one with a greater chance of investing.
because it is the girl who spends more time with your child, there is a possibility of your child being taught things you do not expect.
it is good to ensure you follow up with your child's behavioral development once you come back home.
strive to speak with your child to determine whether there is any inappropriate thing they have learned.
when you determine if there is, establish their alternative early.
in addition to taking these steps, we do not say that things will be equal.
there can be challenges.
nevertheless, they can reduce.
follow the parents' field series in the Mtanzania newspaper every Thursday for articles such as this one.
written by
Christian Bwaya
