Magufuli saves four percentage of the budget
Julius Mathias, Mwananchi Magufuli Dar es Salaam.
within six months since coming to power, President John Magufuli has succeeded in saving four percent of his first budget in the actions he has taken in curbing expenditure and controlling corruption.
President Magufuli who was sworn in on November 5 last year, started by insisting on curbing government expenditure and increasing revenue collection from various sources something that he has achieved according to monthly reports by the Tanzanian Revenue Authority (TRA).
TRA announced that it had collected 1.4 trillion shillings in December last year, in January it collected 1.08 trillion shillings and 1.04 trillion shillings in February before collecting 1.316 trillion shillings in March. all those collections were beyond expectations.
despite the revenue collected by the procedures of that authority, President Magufuli has been able to save over 1.02 trillion shillings in the time he has been in power.
the government has proposed a 29.5 trillion shilling budget for the next financial year.
while reading the estimates and use of the revenue to the parliamentary committees, Doctor Philip Mpango the Minister for Finance and Planning said that four percentage of the budget, 17.7 trillion shillings would be for recurrent use and 11.8 trillion shillings for the purpose of development projects.
the amount saved by President Magufuli is about half of the income generated by sources that are not taxed and also more than twice the revenue that will be collected by all the councils in the country for that period.
it is a lot of money compared to those offered by the US Aid Agency (MCC) in the first phase to implement the distribution of electricity in the villages.
within the first 30 days, after making a surprise visit to the treasury and visiting the port several times he saved about 1 trillion shillings.
the more than 2,500 containers discovered to have been released without tax being paid for them and other charges gave the government 637.2 billion shillings.
those funds were the results of the mandatory payment and fines for the evaders.
in November last year when he opened parliament, the President refused to hold ceremonies organized by Members of Parliament and ordered the 225 million shillings to be relocated to areas where there was need.
that decision led to those funds buying 300 beds, 300 mattresses, 1,675 blankets and 30 wheelchairs that were handed over to the Muhimbili National Hospital (MNH).
at the meeting, the President told parliament that his measures of limiting travels abroad for public servants had saved 356.3 billion shillings which could build 400 kilometers of tarmacked road.
December 9, last year, Doctor Magufuli put off independence celebrations and directed that the 4 billion shillings allocated be used on the expansion of the road from Morocco to Mwenge, here in the city.
implementation of the directive is ongoing.
shortly after appointing ministers and their deputies, he canceled the orientation seminar for the leaders.
here he saved 2 billion shillings which were allocated to other alternative uses.
earlier in April, he scraped the Union Day celebrations and directed that the 2 billion shillings allocated for that be used for the expansion of the airport road to Mwanza.
in what appeared to be in support of the efforts at curbing expenditure, Parliament saved 6 billion shillings which it presented to the President in order to purchase desks for schools with the shortage within the country.
