why women uses their relation with a man as a weapon?
it is common and visible that women are oppressed with men especially when it comes to the issue of faithfulness in love.
moreover, women have also been raped by men whom they are married to, in the sense of forced intercourse without their consent.
in that men also complain that women uses sex as a weapon when wronged by their partners.
when it happens that men make a mistake, women sit silently awaiting be asked for sex so that she can refuse as she uses that opportunity as punishment for the deed done to her.
Hamisi Kizungu says that deeds done by women irritates him, but this irritates him 100 percent.
he says the joy of love when it reaches that your wife should let you but if you made a mistake she should tell you but waiting for the you need her more than explanation then she knocks it down impedes him.
he describes that married when he was 22 year and lasted with his wife for six months because of her behavior of denying him sex whenever she needed something done for her.
he explains that when that woman needed clothes, shoes to travel because she loved traveling, he used to be denied sex and given conditions to gets her what she needed or be left to do whatever she wants.
Kizungu says he persevered and made efforts to be a slave to genuine love, but gave up, "I failed and saw that it shouldn't be a problem, my chicken is in the cage but I'm still required to use rice particles to catch it, I didn't manage so I let her go," says Kizungu.
a residence of Tabata Segerea, Andrew Charles says he is infuriated with his wife's behavior when they disagree a little she climbs the bed with clothes ready to impede him when he wants her.
he says that she will do that for time and whenever it reaches the night he gets hard time during preparations while she refuses and when defeated he decides to leave her and sleep with a clot in his heart.
"when she laughs I look at her because I know if I make a small mistake she puts on again and sometimes pants, she does that even on her mistake, when I tell on her when she is wrong then I should know that day she will show me work sleeping time reaches she prepares herself as if she is going to guard that she is protecting herself from mosquitoes," Charles says as he laughs.
Charles says he is irritated a lot by the behavior of using sex as a weapon and the result of that is destruction of marriage.
"I warned her about sleeping fourth white man whenever she hates and she saw that we sleep one side but she put on clothes and deny me sex," he says.
and Imelda William a residence of Vin gunguti Dar es Salaam city says he has done that way several times before because of lack of what to defend with and the only thing she has and she can be proud of is that.
she says she has been getting short love messages in her husband's phone from other women, whenever she asks there is no reasonable answers that she is given more than being scolded therefore she sees no need of engaging in that act with her husband.
Imelda adds that when they fight with her husband, he utters disrespectful and mocking utterances something that infuriates her and sees no need of having sex with such a person.
"what he does belittles me then after a period of two or three hours he wants me to have sex with him, that cannot happen I am tired of being a sex slave and pleasing him that is why I refuse," she says.
Chiku Mhagama a resident of Kigogo Sambusa Dar es Salaam city says among the reasons that make her use sex as a weapon is lack of what to do whenever her husband irritates her.
she says she cannot give him, she cannot deny her food because he buys it himself, the only thing she can do is not to do with him an act of happiness that is that in order to demonstrate her anger.
she explains that and when she does that, that's when her husband understands that she is angry and even to ask her, "you are mad, that was just a small thing, it is not over, then let it end".
"he do not ask for forgiveness till I deny him sex, whenever he wants he becomes polite and humble, if I give him the rudeness remains there, I use this method to console myself because it makes me proud that I also have something of value," says Chiku.
Chiku explains that she knows the damage caused by doing that including to cause the man to look another lover if he see that annoyance continues and he do have otherwise.
Husna Kibalata says several months ago, she was in the village where she was taken by her husband as a punishment to be taught a fresh because of the love of using that behavior as a weapon.
she says her husband got another woman and he was not keeping it a secret anymore, whenever she denied him, he calls that women and talk to her loudly in front of her and when she could not bear she started a fight that caused her be returned to the elders in the village.
"after two weeks my husband came and explained why he decided to do that way and he wanted my grandmother to take me through the effects of denying a husband sex.
"he asked me forgiveness and said that woman he used to talk to he arranged so as to punish me, and I asked him for for forgiveness and will never repeat even if he irritates me because my marriage nearly got into trouble," says Husna.
psychologist Doctor John Haule says a man and a woman are very different in nature and the primary thing in marriage is to understand those differences in order to live peacefully.
he says despite of availability of those many differences in nature, the major one is that which brings a problem in having sexual intercourse.
he explains that men's sexual arousal is faster than women.
a man can be aroused by just seeing the beauty of a woman while a woman get more influenced sexually by touching and hearing whatever she is hearing from a man.
that way when she hears having told bad things or if she believes whatever was said against her are disrespectful or mocking it becomes difficult for her to engage in that act.
"you can see the population of women that have been affected by lies by men, sometimes reunion as in he lied to her and accomplished but if he arrange words he can lie to her again.
"this results from their feelings of love that are of touching or listening to good words including praising them," says Doctor Haule as he refused to mention the hospital he works at for the claims that he is not a spokesman of that hospital.
