how to plan when thinking of breaking up with your lover
last week in this article we saw that to start a relationship is not an easy thing and it is a process with many challenges.
also ending it is not an easy thing and it has a series of hills and slopes and many people it troubles them and to regret they are making a bad decision that leads into bad results or planting a seed of destruction in future.
it is indisputable truth that it is not a must or by force for everyone entering also in a relationship you end up living together in life (here I mean those who are still not married).
relationship starts and also dies, again for many different reasons including the lovers' lack knowledge of the best way to relate with each other.
the level of investment, hardness or ease of ending a current relationship can be brought by the level of investment that you did with your partner.
if you have invested more in a relationship there is a big possibility to have hardness in breaking off or accepting to leave each other but if have invested little then it is easy to allow or accept that chance of separating when it comes up.
this investment is not only in the field of economy but also in emotions, socially, spiritually and other areas.
you may have met for only a short time, but there are many development things you have done together.
these things mostly your heart hesitates to permit them to get lost easily, you'll find that you try by all means in order to save your relationship and to continue what you did together.
investing in family is when you allow your relationship known by many people starting from siblings to friends, when a storms comes that is cause your separation, when you think of many people who know you and respect your relationship, you see that it is best you try hard to save the boat.
all these and many others situations that can enable you to know how investing in a relationship can ease or bring hardness the time of breaking up.
the level of lack of satisfaction as one of them or all who are in a relationship are not satisfied by happiness, enjoyment, and love that each one of you gets from the other then there is an ease of separation more than those who are satisfied with their relationships.
it is possible a severe storm has hit your relationship but the truth is that, if both of you are satisfied with the way you love each other, in this situation you can sit down and decide to talk about that matter in order to save your union.
contrary, if you are in a relationship and the heart of one of you is hurting every time and there nothing to be happy about, then anything that happens even if it is a small storm can cause your separation.
the level of our satisfaction in the relationship that we are in is what can hold us together for the moment or all the time.
the Evaluation of Benefits and Loss often the difficulty or difficulty of termination or affiliation can be relied on by each of you assessing the benefits or losses of your disagreement.
suppose one or all of you see that your break up has a big loss than a benefit, then there is a big possibility that you all will have genuine efforts in saving your relationship from breaking.
suppose you see or desire to end your relationship there are more benefits for you all or one of you sees that when you separate he will benefit more than getting loses then he will try hard how he can to ensure you are separated.
if not for trying hard then there will be no excitement to engage in any trying hard to save your love because for him death of that relationship have more benefits than continuing.
some of the things that can do a person to see that ending a relationship has loses includes having children, wealth, respect of the marriage, to be respected or to be known by the the society, aging and so on.
