TANESCO manager is instructed to follow customers in the rural areas.
written by Veronica Mheta, Arusha.
published: 28 September 2016.
the minister of energy and minerals, Doctor Medard Kalemani has ordered the Tanzania Electric Supply Company Limited manager (TANESCO) Manyara Region, Gerson Manasseh from now to follow the company's clients to the rural areas, rather than staying in the office waiting for customers.
he gave that order yesterday in the villages of Losinyai and Kilombero, Simanjiro district when he visited to inspect the Rural Energy Agency (REA) projects and ordered that electricity to have been lit by yesterday in those two villages.
he ordered that if electricity will not be supplied he should be given a call in order to hold responsible the manager and the contractor in charge of the work.
Doctor Kalemani said it was sad to see the people spend many expenses following the services at TANESCO offices while they are customers who should be given the service to their place.
"I am saying from now on, I don't want the citizens to follow you in your offices, open branches in the villages so that the citizens can access easily because it's annoying, this citizen gets money in difficulty, and then incurs the cost of following you in your offices"
"and when they come sometimes, they do not find you, you are on lunch break and they go without getting the service, I do not want to hear this and if you do not do this, citizen give me the information I fire someone," said Doctor Kalemani.
in addition, he ordered an agent under the Rural Energy Agency (REA) in Simanjiro district, Yared Zhang of Consolidated Contractors Company CCC Nigeria, to pay staff who assisted him to supply electrical appliances in rural areas, their money which at the moment is 13 million shillings before 30th September this year and if they are not paid by that day he is to be informed.
regarding technicians who install electrical cables in the house, he ordered them to be the ones given letters by Tanzania Electrical Supply Company Limited and not fakes, so that when the houses burn the people to know that they are owed by the organization and not otherwise.
he also used the opportunity to award two elderly men, Elias Lukumay of the Kilombero village and Looki Kimbele of the Losinyai village, a special device called Umeta, which does not need to install electrical cables inside for electrical integration, but itself enough for a house to install electricity.
"but others to buy the equipment at 36,000 shillings, I pray that even grass houses will be connected with electricity, the aim is for everybody to get electricity," he said.
Simanjiro District Commissioner, Zephania Chaula said if the people fail to get electricity in the second phase of REA, they shouldn't complain as they will get it in the third phase.
Simanjiro member of parliament, James Ole Millya, thanked the deputy minister for visiting and quickening electrification, but he urged the TANESCO staff to distribute electricity to religious institutions and schools, as well as Chadema cadres, as some of them were discriminated against.
