the ministry of constitution and law intents together with other things to increase the number of judges and part time judges in the two thousand and twelve two thousand and thirteen financial year the plan being to reduce the accumulation of cases and prisoners .
Beatrice Eric reports more .
<no-speech>
presenting his budget to the parliament in Dodoma city the minister of constitution and law Matias Chikawe has said the government intends to improve the mode of case hearing in the courts so that to put truthfulness on those cases the matter that will avoid blames and complaints .
likewise that minister of constitution and law has said that the government has helped to bring the international media freedom laws that will touch on both side that are news organization and the citizens .
<no-speech>
this law will be in the international level and will be an important part of implementation of the whole system of a transparent government in the country .
the foundation of this law is not freedom for information from the magazine or news organizations but is the freedom of the citizens themselves to get important information concerning their development in all levels starting from central government where there are a lot of information up to the villages .
the honorable deputy speaker still the issue of unhealthy government contracts and different companies especially foreign is a matter that is disturbing the Tanzanian society .
this situation is translated that the office of the attorney general that was given the responsibility of advising the government before entering into contracts or is involved with bribery or its civil servants do not have enough expertise on this foreign contract .
the committee requests the government to take this with a unique importance because it influences even our country's economy .
on his side the opposition's chief whip in parliament Tundu Lisu has said that the tight budget that do not meet the responsibilities of the courts is the source of the accumulation of cases in courts .
the time when the first courts have succeeded by ninety-nine point seven percent in hearing and providing decisions of pieces of advice that were opened in those courts . the honorable deputy speaker if the real situation would be this as explained by the ministry then it is clear that our country would not have this problem of accumulation of cases in our all courts and therefore the ministry would have mentioned as one of the challenges of of Tanzanian courts the increase of those pieces of advice hence causing the accumulation of the pieces of advice in the courts .
<no-speech>
and if the ministry would not have had the challenges of tight budgets that do not meet the responsibilities of the courts or money -- for the provision of the yearly work plan cards and within how it is claimed in the explanations of that same ministry .
from Dar es Salaam Beatrice Eric Channel Ten .
