let's not hate prostitutes beyond measure -2
I like prostitutes because they are our fellow societal members but I don't defend prostitution acts.
it is good for us to know what our ladies are encountering when they toss themselves into the unofficial and dangerous business to their lives and let me say to even their customers or participants.
it is not all prostitutes who are found in just bar areas, but 'Jam N Jea' that I talked of last week, bo is the most surprising one and they are even so many in Dodoma.
they do not go to the parliament areas but it is not a secret that the ladies have moved to Dodoma.
they are targeting some of the parliamentarians who are not faithful in their marriages and their personalities.
also, it is some of those national leaders who shout at the prostitution behavior.
there are some employees in offices who have a habit of involving themselves in love affairs with their fellow employees or bosses and even with some of the clients who go there with business intention.
it shames the girls to cheapen themselves that much so as to succeed in work.
that is also prostitution and there are others whom you can't absolutely suspect.
they are women with a respectful appearance.
these who commit 'prostitution' in their offices from my experience, I have also seen that when they get married, some of them have been truants to their husbands.
that situation oppresses their husbands who thought that, by marrying them they will quieten down instead they are secretly 'heartless'.
criminals!
their encounters are a lot shocking. I was lucky to meet one lady in the morning near the police station clinging to one man who had given her a lift in his car that morning, taking her to police station for refusing to alight demanding to be paid on claims of having made love with him which was not true.
when I asked her she said, "I didn't succeed in getting a client all night long, and when this old man gave me a lift I was forced to change the story that he made love to me and doesn't want to pay me".
this is shameful and the trouble of addictive prostitution.
there is a college going lady from the province who goes to permitted night club bars in the evening for prostitution so as to get money to sustain herself in life.
another one says, she has a sugar daddy or an old lover and even though she is in college, she is forced to sell her body as a result of the need for income.
she also says that she doesn't care if that old man has a wife or children, what she cares about is that old man's money. she complains that she doesn't get the college loan but it is instead available to the children of the mighty in government.
corruption.
it is shocking, I found a young lady in the middle of the night along Mandela road areas walking bare feet in a torn blouse saying.
she had been abandoned there by a man who wanted to make love to her without a condom without paying her anything.
the trouble of prostitution.
this one has a firm stand in safeguarding her life for she said.
no without a condom.
there's a lady who has one year old twins who got into prostitution after being dumped by the man who impregnated her and her financially unable parents chased her away from home.
many prostitutes suffer when they are sick and unable to work.
this situation is caused especially as a result of the wavering national economy, low-quality education, a poor past life of the citizens and the growing corruption in our government leaders.
lack of basic needs for a family.
experience hooker, is a name given to the women who are well versed in this prostitution business without exposing themselves. some of them have rented respectable houses.
they usually trap younger guys and even those with certain office positions or businessmen with the aim of living with them in their houses.
the guys especially music artistes referred to as 'Mario' as sung by the late Franco Lwanzo Makiadi.
those hookers feel happy and proud when they go for an outing in the evening with these young guys looking well dressed.
there are also hookers who live through this prostitution business for many years, they instead do not live with even one man, but they alternate several men without their knowledge where each one is given a financial role for her expenses and whoever fails is thrown out of the arena and dumped.
the legalization of prostitution, there are some developed countries where the prostitution business is legalized by having special 'buildings' where girls are bred.
the owners of this business are registered, pay taxes and medical insurance for the girls, and they have official contracts.
those building are called wore houses.
my advice, ladies abandon that business 'illegal and dangerous'.
leaders and concerned women ministry, put efforts to save our youths instead of running to mete out severe punishment that do not have proper motivation.
think about it.
