you have told me through humor now Hamadi continue .
you know it gets to a point where even the parent buying considers my child came from the first until the seventh .
he has come from the seventh until form four there about how many years ?
ten and above -- ten and above is it ?
eleven -- now when you check it out there as he comes out -- while in form four he cannot get into the estate and do anything therefore years of form four cannot besides -- besides to walk with certificates in the estates to ask for a job I am sure if we had even practical on what we do may be even if they enter an expert because there is a period of games in school .
why don't they even put a period of construction ?
that there in school you agree certain time the expert you go to show how to off load bricks how to mix concrete how to -- when he get into the estate he has -- he has experience of certain things .
better than sitting he -- he holds on just there is a history word of history he knows just words of history when he goes to the estates how will it help him ?
as an expert you will be enhanced by the type of teaching and any education that is also improved and even us parents we will have confidence in our education .
therefore we shall not be able to think that -- I need to buy pardon no therefore you fully believe that the level of success that a child will have is suitable -- wonderful -- pardon no we have come to the end of our second topic Kaki and I studied primary in the past ten and how many years ago ?
that is I have known him for close to fifteen years .
(()) for fifteen years .
therefore I promise you Tanzanian me and him we did not eat sweetly .
totally ahh we are not eating at all and we our children will not eat and many solution have been offered by the Tanzanians saying let's improve our standards of education and when the parents believe in the education system we shall not have the need to remove remove money in order to buy examination .
and me the advice that I can offer is that if you are used to bush contribution you are crippling your intellect and you become impaired in your intellectual capacity it becomes %incomplete
come again you become disabled first .
secondly those are the results we are studying -- the research that says twelve thousand class seven pupils have succeeded but they fail to read and write .
anyway we have come to the end of Minibuzz program if you have comments or complaint and confusion just continue watching this program .
I believe that each day we will talk about things you have that concern your life but for now let's know the topic of tomorrow by meeting (()) at the bus stop (()) .
<misc>
