website for kidney disease news launched in the country
written by our writer
published: 19 September 2016
health stake holders in the country including TMJ have launched the first website for kidney ailment news that is used in the Swahili language.
in the website launched yesterday in Dar es Salaam sponsored by TMJ, important information on preventing and treating kidney problems that are on rise in Africa including Tanzania are available in that national language and gives directions to patients on how to live safely.
launching the book, assistant health minister, social development, gender, the elderly and children, Doctor Hamis Kigwagwalla said, "availability of the kidney book and Swahili website, talked about by many people is a great step in prevention and treatment of kidney infections.
TMJ hospital and a team of Doctors have done a great job for the sake of this project for preparing the Swahili kidney book and a website for kidney patients."
he said that a Swahili book and a website about kidney infection will benefit millions of kidney patients and approximately 100 million Swahili users in fighting kidney infection.
Kigwangala said that the book aims at providing basic information to patients and their families about all the kidney problems.
the acting director of TMJ, Doctor Tayabal Jafferjie said the launch of the website will enable Tanzanians to get various information about the infection.
Concerning the book, Doctor Jafferjie said it has 230 pages and it will help kidney patients and other people to get informed of their kidney health and to remove controversy about all kidney problems.
Doctor Jafferjie said to all in need of the book can access and go through free of charge from www.kidneyinswahili.com. on his side, Doctor Gabriel Upundu, retired public Chief Doctor said,
"availability of the book and the website will increase a wider understanding for the Tanzanian society, thus helping many people in protecting themselves against kidney infections and related infections.
the kidney book and website were first written in English by Doctor Sanjay Pandya from India while the book and the website in Swahili were prepared by Doctor Upanda.
