executive in custody for misuse of public funds
written by Veronica Mheta, Longido.
published 26 October 2016
the manager of the council of Longido district, Juma Mhina has commanded the district police to arrest and imprison Galai Lumbwa's ward executive, Paulo Lucas, accused of misusing money contributed by the residents in the region with an aim of improving educational sector.
after Lucas evaded police time after time, finally yesterday the directive was implemented in the village of Ilchang Sapukin in the ward of Galai Lumumba, during the public meeting of Arusha's provincial commissioner Mrisho Gambo.
before Lucas was arrested, citizen Anni Mollel thanked Gambo for going to the region to witness the real state of the construction of the Secondary school for which the citizens raised funds of more than 96 million shillings, but funds were not spent as intended, instead government leaders and village chairpersons used them for their own benefit.
after Mollel's speech, Gambo asked director Mhina why they have not taken legal steps to arrest the accused, that is when Mhina said in public that the directive was initially impossible after Lucas escaped the director time after time.
he was arrested yesterday at that meeting.
the council's internal auditor, Mwajuma Mndaira, in her report that she released in the meeting said that she had a discussion with the village chairmen to establish why they collected money from citizens without using documented receipts.
she also said that they are currently continuing with inspection of the documents and complaints to determine who Lucas colluded with and why did he change some of the uses since some of the tourist hunting companies including Wingert Windrose Safaris (WWS) and Kilombero Nothern Safaris company gave 400 bags of cement for the construction of a secondary school.
she said when they were at the site where the secondary school is being built, they determined that despite the bags of cement being given, only 44 had been used while 144 had been sold and they claimed that they sent another 216 bags to the construction of labs and classrooms which were dilapidated.
also, after doing the initial investigation, she directed the Civil Engineer to go to that place to evaluate the construction to determine whether it was really used in that construction or not since that executive took some of the resources and sold them knowing that it was against the intended purposes.
Gambo questioned the executive as to why the citizens did not have a Secondary school.
he said that children from pastoral communities and others need education and they walk long distances to look for education while he (Lucas) and other leaders misuse public funds.
Lucas in his defence said that the funds were used correctly and he was forced to divert some of the funds to build laboratory buildings, a kitchen, dormitories and others.
he continued defending himself that he used the funds together with other leaders in helping the construction of the secondary school which is not yet complete.
