Tuesday, October 11, 2016
the responsibility of a parent as a child's first teacher
many studies on the learning environment have continued to emphasize that good education for the child begins at home.
the presence of a friendly learning environment at home gives a child an opportunity to grow in understanding and prepares the child well to learn before he starts school officially.
basically, a parent is the first teacher who can enable the child to learn well.
a child learns to walk, talk, eat, house chores and so forth to be of help to the parent.
if a parent will recognize their role as the child's teacher and execute it as required, the teacher's work at school is made easier.
let's look at four important areas that can help you as a parent, to execute your role as your child's teacher in that same home environment.
find learning materials for the child.
a child needs to be stimulated mentally, physically, emotionally and relationally from birth.
when the child is stimulated early, his understanding becomes ready to learn even before meeting his teacher in school.
to be stimulated appropriately, he needs important learning materials.
for example, you can ensure that the child gets colored pencils for drawing, papers and exercise books for writing, cartoons and various story books on CD-DVD, magazines and children's books, jumping ropes, bottle tops/materials for counting and other materials he can use to make his mind innovative.
many parents, especially from urban areas, use a lot of money to buy for their children already manufactured materials like "cars", "airplanes", "phones", "house hold items" and so forth.
even so, these materials have the danger of denying a child the chance of developing creativity and acquiring the knowledge of making things that go along with his needs.
bring him raw materials like boxes, a pair of scissors and gum that will help him to make the real things that he needs.
in doing this, a child develops the ability to think and realize what he thinks.
build for him the eagerness for self learning.
eagerness is the strength that pushes someone to be ready to put an effort in fulfilling the goals he set for himself.
parent, as the first teacher of the child, you have the responsibility of building for your child a big eagerness for wanting to learn.
for example, in order to develop his eagerness, you can build him psychologically to enable him to believe that he has the ability and he is able.
the belief that he is able is very important and it will be his pillar when he learns.
you can also give him examples of how education and knowledge are able to help someone solve problems they meet.
show him the opportunities ahead of him by relating them to his success in the classroom.
give him examples of famous scientists who discovered great things that changed people's lives.
narrate to him news of famous lawyers, civil rights activists, doctors who save people's lives, teachers, designers of famous buildings, road engineers, journalists and many other cadres.
these narrations build a major eagerness that increases the passion for education in a child.
at other times, narrations that begin with money against knowledge discourages children from putting efforts on education.
if you want your child to love education, show him how that education sometimes is more important than money.
follow up on his progress.
a child needs what he does to be recognized and make his parent happy.
when he knows that you're following up on his progress, he will put in an effort to work harder so that he can continue getting praise.
give him an opportunity to feel boastful by recognizing the effort he puts in learning.
do communications with his school teacher to know how he is doing.
when he discovers that you're following up on the goings on in his school, he will know you value him and he will be eager to do for you to know how able he is.
it's true sometimes you can meet news that you don't like if you don't go to school.
maybe his success level isn't the same as your expectations.
no reason to give up on him.
instead of deriding and showing him how he is "a couch", show the big faith you have in him.
confirm to him that you know how he can do much better.
furthermore, discover the special areas he showed his ability and if possible share with him in his other favorite activities.
when he sees you value the things he likes even if they aren't educational, he won't be ready to bring you down in things he knows you expect from him including education.
sometimes children fail to do well because we don't give them the help they need.
build a process of helping him academically.
sit with him in the evening, ask if he has been given what work to do at home.
give him help but don't cripple and make him dependent.
by doing that, you'll make him have a big passion for proving to you how able he is.
make him get used to following a daily time table.
many families don't have an environment that enables a child to learn in calmness.
an example is when adults who live with the child, use a lot of time watching television and listening to the radio in a way that prevents children from doing something different.
in other environments, children get lost in too much playing that isn't controlled in the neighborhood again without parental observation.
these things can't help a child learn.
ensure the environment at your home gives the child an opportunity of reading by himself without disturbance.
in the same way, help him to plan his affairs according to age.
a tradition of a timetable is built.
when he comes back from school, for example, he should know how long he will play, what time he will shower, what time he does household chores, take part in joint worship, being told bedtime stories and sleep.
alongside with a timetable that doesn't change now and again, make an effort of reducing some of his responsibilities that can be a hindrance to learning.
although sharing in menial work is very important to a child's development, put an effort in discovering what time these jobs could be a hindrance.
the foundation of a good education doesn't start in school and a child can't like school hastily without your effort parent.
if you fulfill your duty, you'll be surprised how he will learn easily.
read the knowledge magazine in the Mwanachi newspaper every Thursday for articles like these.
write to me at bwaya@mwecau.ac.tz
written by
Christian Bwaya
