<no-speech>
our department has two main departments .
<no-speech>
the department of clean water and sewerage .
the destruction of dangerous garbage and the management of the collection of hard wastes that are produced in our hospital .
we have water reservation tanks with capacities of four hundred and thirty liters in total and we use the water that is brought by DAWASCO in our hospital and in various areas .
<no-speech>
that department also has technicians in it who work on and repair the equipment when faulty .
it is therefore a complete department .
it can be able to do its work well under my supervision as the head of department .
the other department is the department of hard wastes which are produced in the hospital .
like food -- food remains together with normal garbage which is produced in the hospital .
we have therefore privatized it and it is operated by a contractor who is nominated in every tender announced yearly .
<no-speech>
the other department is the one for dangerous wastes produced in the hospital .
there are many wastes produced when patients are treated .
those wastes are therefore burnt and destroyed completely .
<no-speech>
and in that department we have a very good modern equipment which has the ability to destroy approximately one thousand kilos of dangerous wastes daily .
the machine has -- it has been made with two chambers which are used in that destruction .
it uses temperatures approximately eight hundred to nine hundred and fifty in that destruction .
while destroying the wastes the first chamber becomes the chamber for -- for putting in wastes which we call the primary chamber .
into which wastes are dropped and -- and lit with the smoke resulting and -- the burning of those wastes is done in a different secondary chamber which destroys the smoke and the remaining wastes which are -- which -- which go into the air .
our machine is modern .
it can destroy those wastes by a huge amount and we can remain with just ten percent of the wastes as ash .
because if we burn one thousand kilos of wastes %incomplete
therefore ten percent of one thousand kilos are the wastes that remain .
it's clear that you have gotten enough details on how clean and safe the Muhimbili National Hospital is run for patients .
<no-speech>
next time .
