proper diet is a basis of family development, nation
proper diet is an important matter for the workforce of any nation.
the government has a bigger opportunity to make sure it increases the enforcement of proper diet so as to annihilate all kinds of malnutrition in the country.
in order to win this war, you need cooperation of all stakeholders who will implement their responsibility.
the partnership for nutrition (Panita), primary and private schools, religious institutions and public agencies together with local and international companies are important stakeholders in implementing this.
the government is supposed to establish policies and programs that will enhance availability of proper and affordable food from household or family level.
this is together with encouraging production of food crops to have enough food reserves in national silos as well as a good system for preserving, distributing and processing the food.
also, the government should set up an environment to increase employment and income to the citizens, to develop infrastructure and electricity, to control the increase in food prices and to add supplements for example vitamins and minerals in foods.
to add on that, the government should create a friendly environment for small scale farmers to access loans so that they can contribute to production.
people who are in risky groups such as street children, the old and the poor to get services of free food.
proper diet is a cure.
the government should invest enough in the education of proper diet from family level.
citizens should have the capacity of how to serve the sick especially preparation of their food.
besides that, the government should encourage citizens to protect themselves against illnesses in several ways including encouraging breastfeeding for at least six months as well as educating mothers about proper means of stopping the child from breastfeeding.
the government, through its institutions and ministries, oversees the the safety and quality of industrial, industrial and market industries.
it should keep encouraging and making sure availability of enough vaccinations for all children, drinking of clean and safe water and considering body hygiene and the cleanliness of the environment.
despite building and employing experts, parents or guardians should be advised to take children to dispensaries or health centers immediately they fall sick.
it is supposed also to improve health services including availability of health information and education.
the government should set up an equal environment and equal opportunities for all children to be registered and complete schooling at least primary education.
more effort should be directed to girls most of whom are cut short from schooling as a result of various reasons including pregnancy and underage marriages.
divisional schools should be improved so that they become real saviors for children from poor families.
the efforts of president John Magufuli's government of providing free education are to be supported by all Tanzanian citizens and more energy should be directed to communities that do not respond to educational calls.
moreover, education program for the elderly should be insisted so as to involve those who missed while young.
health services should be improved and the structure for every citizen to afford them should be planned.
maternity services should be improved in order to avoid problems that can arise during the time of delivery.
