Diamond, Ali Kiba witchcraft reigns, charms picked in a field one found breathing
the situation keeps worsening for two Bongo Fleva music stars contesting to be music stars, Nasibu Abdul 'Diamond Platinumz' and Ali Saleh Kiba, this time round there are new things emerging with each artist fearing to hold the other's hand because of superstitious beliefs.
let's unite leaders
this shocking acts inflicted a lot of fear in the fans and sponsors of music in Bongo a short while before the stars being welcomed to the stage in the Leaders Club Gardens, in Kinondoni Dar City at the end of last week.
charms found in the field
according to our reporter, in the Leaders Gardens, Kinondoni, some charms were found spread which were claimed to have been dropped by some youth caught dressed in uniforms with the two stars' names.
in a surprising state, one of the fans who attended the show who saw the charms surprised fellow fans when he claimed that he saw one moving as though it was breathing!
"look people, this charm is breathing, look at it keenly," the fan was heard and left people in a shocked state to see such superstitious acts in areas of entertainment.
as the actions of finding the charms proceeded, Diamond after getting on stage before starting to sing found himself sliding and falling on stage and stood by himself while the youth who are claimed to be Team Kiba made a loud noise to symbolize that they were happy about the incident happening.
together with Diamond's falling to the floor, the situation continued worsening for him after a poor projection of the music, an act that aroused feelings that there was superstition going on to degrade him musically by showing that he had performed poorly in the show.
bottles are thrown
after seeing the situation worsening as water bottles were thrown on the stage with some of them hitting him and evading others while going on with the show, Diamond decided to get clever to calm the noise by pouring notes.
the issue made the fans and Team Kiba to stop the exercise and start scrambling for the two thousand shilling notes that he poured in three phases.
offertory?
as he kept throwing the notes to the fans, Diamond was heard saying that the money was special for it was offertory to them for the great support though he will not be able to give each one of them.
Diamond like Michael Jackson
however some of the fans who were scrambling and picking the notes were heard saying:
"Michael Jackson used to do such (the late American artist) and he was using superstition and Freemasons.
"Michael was claimed to pour money that had power to mute all whose rose to to shout against him," one fan was heard saying.
surprise
in a most surprising way, Diamond removed his t-shirt and vest, wiped his sweat and threw it to his fans knowing very well that he had wiped sweat that was flowing from his body like water.
Kiba was not supposed to talk?
while Diamond's surprising acts proceeded as well as dirty water bottles with urine being thrown at him, it was claimed that when Kiba entered the artists room he did not want to talk to anyone while it was claimed that it was a major sign that he was not required to talk to anyone for he could lose his power to perform at the show.
police in a burden
while the fans were still in fear about this artists, a police force armed with all paraphernalia to arrest criminals started an operation of arresting youth claimed to be Team Kiba who were rowdy and throwing water bottles containing urine and water who received a thorough beating.
Kiba jumps over a wall
initially before the start of the show superstitious acts were evident more after Ali Kiba entered in the field by jumping over a wall and even after he showed himself up in a special room set aside for artists he did not hold hands with his colleagues.
the artists Ali Kiba ignored are AY, Mwana FA, Shaa, Shilole, Vanessa Mdee and Jux, whom he all found in the room.
