<misc>
Dar es Salaam city in Tanzania is among the fastest growing cities causing an increase in population as a result of being the center of business while many government offices together with various organizations having been directed to one area which is in the middle of the city .
as a result of that situation there has been a major problem of transport for many city residents together with the traffic jams on the roads .
those major transport needs forced the leadership of Dar es Salaam together with the surface and marine transport authority SUMATRA to authorize motorbike transport together with rickshaws to carry passengers into town in order to help citizens to get to their activities quickly .
in the neighborhoods' mirrors from Dar es Salaam city today it's focusing on motorbike transport which to others has been a big savior to transport but also there have been various challenges that arise from motorbike transport .
(()) must be arrested motorbikes aren't allowed to get into town .
this issue has for real brought a very major problem to citizens especially those who depend on this transportation .
we are surprised by this transport we don't know if we should say it's the government or the city or what .
because in transport if you look at our city's infrastructure for real doesn't satisfy the needs of say maybe a person having the swiftness of entering and exiting due to the queue of vehicles .
<no-speech>
motorbikes by a certain measure help very much on all aspects -- a journey on which a person can take maybe half an hour can take ten minutes on a motorbike but by a vehicle you can for example take up to three or four hours if you're going to Ugungo .
yes right now concerning reports on accident of the motorbike people I think right now the reports have reduced .
<no-speech>
and it has reduced because after they were told not to get into town many of them are in the neighborhoods right now .
<no-speech>
(()) they do their businesses in the neighborhoods and they therefore don't get into town that much .
a large percentage of motorbike people right now have become self-aware unlike the past .
because when many of them started out with motorbikes -- many of those who took motorbikes were vagrants therefore they were happy riding at just that speed (()) those speeds came to cause harm -- a lot of harm and accidents have increased .
many became crippled many lost lives therefore right now they have become self-aware that it is an activity that brings income to raise and educate their children do you see ?
it has become employment to them and right now many are doing well %incomplete
I am telling you on my side as a driver I'd like to talk about one thing because you will find that a big percentage of motorbike riders haven't trained for it .
you're trained today and get on the road tomorrow .
therefore that's why you will find that there are many accidents because you can find a person who doesn't know the law .
he doesn't know how to ride at certain areas and what is important to him is getting a section of what he is aiming for .
therefore you will find many things like that happen therefore you can find that while going to visit (()) he just appears unexpectedly .
<no-speech>
you find then by the time you're breaking and everything you have already knocked him .
that's it what I am asking is for the government to put an emphasis in overseeing and managing them well and to check -- while giving these motorbike riders licenses they should check and ask how is this person ?
therefore there's someone who has little brains -- and another person who hasn't gone to school and doesn't know the laws well what should be done when accidents increase ?
increase .
that the real problem if you observe right now is that motorbikes have spread very much and then those riding these motorbikes have become many .
even on the roads if you observe you see that there is more business .
now those ones have got to a point of spoiling for those people who have a good intention of doing this job .
because you'll observe a person you find him not wearing a helmet he has shaved his hair mohawk style and on his feet are sandals in that way he can't be understood .
now you will find that this situation has reached a point of people being chased away from town but because of the bad manners of riders and a lot of chaos on the roads .
their riding sir they ride so recklessly .
<no-speech>
they like appearing from nowhere and cutting between vehicles %incomplete
the government is surprised to -- by their performance -- of its work .
because if %incomplete
