let us continue to support the government on the Kagera earthquake
written by the Editor
published: 19 September 2016
two major events took place in Dar es Salaam City during the weekend concerning earthquakes in Kagera.
the first event was of the Second Term Retired President, Ali Hassan Mwinyi, leading a walk to assist victims of the earthquake, where a total of 502 million shilling was raised.
the five kilometer walk was organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the East Africa cooperation.
the second event was of President John Magufuli receiving the disaster report caused by the quake in Kagera Province and the neighboring provinces of Mwanza, Geita and Kigoma, from Prime Minister Kassim Fate.
we support the Prime Minister's statement, where he said that the government has taken various measures for the quake victims, which include sending food, medical services and contingency reserves, and has also collected contributions from different parts and that up till now 3.3 billion shillings have been raised.
likewise, we support President Magufuli's conclusion to request Tanzanians to ignore the people who want to use the disaster to spread dissension and hatred against the government.
we emphasize, as the President said, that there is currently no technology to predict the occurrence of the earthquake and the quake was never brought about by the government.
thus, there is no reason for any person, group of people or any institution to use the quake for spreading falsehoods with the aim of creating conflict between the government and the citizens.
an earthquake is a disaster like any other disasters, such as fire, hurricanes, floods and so on.
even wealthy nations with significant economic, technological and industrial developments are prone to earthquakes which cause many deaths and major property damage.
in fact, China experienced an earthquake in the year 2014, where 617 people lost their lives, 193 people died in 2013 and 2,998 died in 2010.
with regard to Japan, an earthquake killed 15,904 people in the year 2011 and 12 people in 2008.
we request the state apparatus to monitor all those who began spreading rumors and also monitor those who want to use the disaster to collect donations for the purpose of self gain.
similarly, we request citizens directly affected by the impact of the quake, for example those whose homes collapsed to now begin repairing those houses so as to help the government.
we say so, because the government alone cannot rebuild all the houses that collapsed.
if the government will be supported, it will be able to quickly repair all the damaged infrastructure such as schools, medical centers, roads and other social services.
we thank organizations, businessmen, civil servants, companies and individuals who continue to contribute to the victims of the incident.
their contributions are crucial in addressing the disaster caused by the earthquake.
we urge all Tanzanians affected by the disasters, to continue providing roofing sheets, blankets, mattresses, maize, rice, bean, oil, money, clothing and various aid to the victims of the quake through the Prime Minister's Office and the Kagera Provincial Office.
