a few areas in the country are continuing to get rainfall as it appears on this map .
the satellite photos show a reduction in clouds in many areas here in the country except we can see partial clouds in the western areas of the country and some of the southern highlands areas of our country .
tonight we are expecting many areas to continue being dry except a few areas surrounding Lake Victoria together with those in Kigoma which will have partial clouds together with thunderstorms .
and for tomorrow we are expecting that the coastal areas of our country will be partly cloudy together with light rain in a few areas .
the areas surrounding Lake Victoria together with those in Kigoma will have partial clouds and rainfall accompanied by thunderstorms in a few areas .
the other areas of the country remaining are expected to be dry with episodes of sunshine .
the sea wind is expected to blow at the speed of twenty kilometers in an hour from the East and at a speed of twenty kilometers in an hour from the West at the Northern Coast .
the situation at the sea is that there will be small tides .
on the side of Lake Victoria the wind is expected to blow from the South at a speed of ten kilometers per hour the condition of the lake is that it will have small tides .
the highest level of temperatures on many areas here in the country is as it appears on this map .
the highest level is expected to be thirty-four Celsius in Morogoro town .
the sun will rise earlier than usual in Mtwara at forty-eight minutes past five and delay in Kigoma at forty minutes past six o'clock during morning hours .
I am looking at it earlier in Tanga and Pemba at twenty-five minutes past six o'clock and delay in Kigoma at two minutes past seven in the evening .
the highest level of temperatures in some of the main cities here in the African continent are as shown in this map .
the highest level of temperature is expected to be forty Celsius in Miami .
from the meteorological department authority we nothing more .
thank you and good night .
